Estimating or Propagating Gradients Through Stochastic Neurons
Stochastic neurons can be useful for a number of reasons in deep learning
models, but in many cases they pose a challenging problem: how to estimate the
gradient of a loss function with respect to the input of such stochastic
neurons, i.e., can we "back-propagate" through these stochastic neurons? We
examine this question, existing approaches, and present two novel families of
solutions, applicable in different settings. In particular, it is demonstrated
that a simple biologically plausible formula gives rise to an an unbiased (but
noisy) estimator of the gradient with respect to a binary stochastic neuron
firing probability. Unlike other estimators which view the noise as a small
perturbation in order to estimate gradients by finite differences, this
estimator is unbiased even without assuming that the stochastic perturbation is
small. This estimator is also interesting because it can be applied in very
general settings which do not allow gradient back-propagation, including the
estimation of the gradient with respect to future rewards, as required in
reinforcement learning setups. We also propose an approach to approximating
this unbiased but high-variance estimator by learning to predict it using a
biased estimator. The second approach we propose assumes that an estimator of
the gradient can be back-propagated and it provides an unbiased estimator of
the gradient, but can only work with non-linearities unlike the hard threshold,
but like the rectifier, that are not flat for all of their range. This is
similar to traditional sigmoidal units but has the advantage that for many
inputs, a hard decision (e.g., a 0 output) can be produced, which would be
convenient for conditional computation and achieving sparse representations and
sparse gradients.

Contractive De-noising Auto-encoder
Auto-encoder is a special kind of neural network based on reconstruction.
De-noising auto-encoder (DAE) is an improved auto-encoder which is robust to
the input by corrupting the original data first and then reconstructing the
original input by minimizing the reconstruction error function. And contractive
auto-encoder (CAE) is another kind of improved auto-encoder to learn robust
feature by introducing the Frobenius norm of the Jacobean matrix of the learned
feature with respect to the original input. In this paper, we combine
de-noising auto-encoder and contractive auto- encoder, and propose another
improved auto-encoder, contractive de-noising auto- encoder (CDAE), which is
robust to both the original input and the learned feature. We stack CDAE to
extract more abstract features and apply SVM for classification. The experiment
result on benchmark dataset MNIST shows that our proposed CDAE performed better
than both DAE and CAE, proving the effective of our method.

Linear Segmentation and Segment Significance
We present a new method for discovering a segmental discourse structure of a
document while categorizing segment function. We demonstrate how retrieval of
noun phrases and pronominal forms, along with a zero-sum weighting scheme,
determines topicalized segmentation. Futhermore, we use term distribution to
aid in identifying the role that the segment performs in the document. Finally,
we present results of evaluation in terms of precision and recall which surpass
earlier approaches.

Modelling Users, Intentions, and Structure in Spoken Dialog
We outline how utterances in dialogs can be interpreted using a partial first
order logic. We exploit the capability of this logic to talk about the truth
status of formulae to define a notion of coherence between utterances and
explain how this coherence relation can serve for the construction of AND/OR
trees that represent the segmentation of the dialog. In a BDI model we
formalize basic assumptions about dialog and cooperative behaviour of
participants. These assumptions provide a basis for inferring speech acts from
coherence relations between utterances and attitudes of dialog participants.
Speech acts prove to be useful for determining dialog segments defined on the
notion of completing expectations of dialog participants. Finally, we sketch
how explicit segmentation signalled by cue phrases and performatives is covered
by our dialog model.

A Lexicalized Tree Adjoining Grammar for English
This document describes a sizable grammar of English written in the TAG
formalism and implemented for use with the XTAG system. This report and the
grammar described herein supersedes the TAG grammar described in an earlier
1995 XTAG technical report. The English grammar described in this report is
based on the TAG formalism which has been extended to include lexicalization,
and unification-based feature structures. The range of syntactic phenomena that
can be handled is large and includes auxiliaries (including inversion), copula,
raising and small clause constructions, topicalization, relative clauses,
infinitives, gerunds, passives, adjuncts, it-clefts, wh-clefts, PRO
constructions, noun-noun modifications, extraposition, determiner sequences,
genitives, negation, noun-verb contractions, sentential adjuncts and
imperatives. This technical report corresponds to the XTAG Release 8/31/98. The
XTAG grammar is continuously updated with the addition of new analyses and
modification of old ones, and an online version of this report can be found at
the XTAG web page at http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~xtag/

Prefix Probabilities from Stochastic Tree Adjoining Grammars
Language models for speech recognition typically use a probability model of
the form Pr(a_n | a_1, a_2, ..., a_{n-1}). Stochastic grammars, on the other
hand, are typically used to assign structure to utterances. A language model of
the above form is constructed from such grammars by computing the prefix
probability Sum_{w in Sigma*} Pr(a_1 ... a_n w), where w represents all
possible terminations of the prefix a_1 ... a_n. The main result in this paper
is an algorithm to compute such prefix probabilities given a stochastic Tree
Adjoining Grammar (TAG). The algorithm achieves the required computation in
O(n^6) time. The probability of subderivations that do not derive any words in
the prefix, but contribute structurally to its derivation, are precomputed to
achieve termination. This algorithm enables existing corpus-based estimation
techniques for stochastic TAGs to be used for language modelling.

Conditions on Consistency of Probabilistic Tree Adjoining Grammars
Much of the power of probabilistic methods in modelling language comes from
their ability to compare several derivations for the same string in the
language. An important starting point for the study of such cross-derivational
properties is the notion of _consistency_. The probability model defined by a
probabilistic grammar is said to be _consistent_ if the probabilities assigned
to all the strings in the language sum to one. From the literature on
probabilistic context-free grammars (CFGs), we know precisely the conditions
which ensure that consistency is true for a given CFG. This paper derives the
conditions under which a given probabilistic Tree Adjoining Grammar (TAG) can
be shown to be consistent. It gives a simple algorithm for checking consistency
and gives the formal justification for its correctness. The conditions derived
here can be used to ensure that probability models that use TAGs can be checked
for _deficiency_ (i.e. whether any probability mass is assigned to strings that
cannot be generated).

Separating Dependency from Constituency in a Tree Rewriting System
In this paper we present a new tree-rewriting formalism called Link-Sharing
Tree Adjoining Grammar (LSTAG) which is a variant of synchronous TAGs. Using
LSTAG we define an approach towards coordination where linguistic dependency is
distinguished from the notion of constituency. Such an approach towards
coordination that explicitly distinguishes dependencies from constituency gives
a better formal understanding of its representation when compared to previous
approaches that use tree-rewriting systems which conflate the two issues.

Incremental Parser Generation for Tree Adjoining Grammars
This paper describes the incremental generation of parse tables for the
LR-type parsing of Tree Adjoining Languages (TALs). The algorithm presented
handles modifications to the input grammar by updating the parser generated so
far. In this paper, a lazy generation of LR-type parsers for TALs is defined in
which parse tables are created by need while parsing. We then describe an
incremental parser generator for TALs which responds to modification of the
input grammar by updating parse tables built so far.

A Freely Available Morphological Analyzer, Disambiguator and Context
  Sensitive Lemmatizer for German
In this paper we present Morphy, an integrated tool for German morphology,
part-of-speech tagging and context-sensitive lemmatization. Its large lexicon
of more than 320,000 word forms plus its ability to process German compound
nouns guarantee a wide morphological coverage. Syntactic ambiguities can be
resolved with a standard statistical part-of-speech tagger. By using the output
of the tagger, the lemmatizer can determine the correct root even for ambiguous
word forms. The complete package is freely available and can be downloaded from
the World Wide Web.

Processing Unknown Words in HPSG
The lexical acquisition system presented in this paper incrementally updates
linguistic properties of unknown words inferred from their surrounding context
by parsing sentences with an HPSG grammar for German. We employ a gradual,
information-based concept of ``unknownness'' providing a uniform treatment for
the range of completely known to maximally unknown lexical entries. ``Unknown''
information is viewed as revisable information, which is either generalizable
or specializable. Updating takes place after parsing, which only requires a
modified lexical lookup. Revisable pieces of information are identified by
grammar-specified declarations which provide access paths into the parse
feature structure. The updating mechanism revises the corresponding places in
the lexical feature structures iff the context actually provides new
information. For revising generalizable information, type union is required. A
worked-out example demonstrates the inferential capacity of our implemented
system.

Computing Declarative Prosodic Morphology
This paper describes a computational, declarative approach to prosodic
morphology that uses inviolable constraints to denote small finite candidate
sets which are filtered by a restrictive incremental optimization mechanism.
The new approach is illustrated with an implemented fragment of Modern Hebrew
verbs couched in MicroCUF, an expressive constraint logic formalism. For
generation and parsing of word forms, I propose a novel off-line technique to
eliminate run-time optimization. It produces a finite-state oracle that
efficiently restricts the constraint interpreter's search space. As a
byproduct, unknown words can be analyzed without special mechanisms. Unlike
pure finite-state transducer approaches, this hybrid setup allows for more
expressivity in constraints to specify e.g. token identity for reduplication or
arithmetic constraints for phonetics.

On the Evaluation and Comparison of Taggers: The Effect of Noise in
  Testing Corpora
This paper addresses the issue of {\sc pos} tagger evaluation. Such
evaluation is usually performed by comparing the tagger output with a reference
test corpus, which is assumed to be error-free. Currently used corpora contain
noise which causes the obtained performance to be a distortion of the real
value. We analyze to what extent this distortion may invalidate the comparison
between taggers or the measure of the improvement given by a new system. The
main conclusion is that a more rigorous testing experimentation
setting/designing is needed to reliably evaluate and compare tagger accuracies.

Improving Tagging Performance by Using Voting Taggers
We present a bootstrapping method to develop an annotated corpus, which is
specially useful for languages with few available resources. The method is
being applied to develop a corpus of Spanish of over 5Mw. The method consists
on taking advantage of the collaboration of two different POS taggers. The
cases in which both taggers agree present a higher accuracy and are used to
retrain the taggers.

Resources for Evaluation of Summarization Techniques
We report on two corpora to be used in the evaluation of component systems
for the tasks of (1) linear segmentation of text and (2) summary-directed
sentence extraction. We present characteristics of the corpora, methods used in
the collection of user judgments, and an overview of the application of the
corpora to evaluating the component system. Finally, we discuss the problems
and issues with construction of the test set which apply broadly to the
construction of evaluation resources for language technologies.

Restrictions on Tree Adjoining Languages
Several methods are known for parsing languages generated by Tree Adjoining
Grammars (TAGs) in O(n^6) worst case running time. In this paper we investigate
which restrictions on TAGs and TAG derivations are needed in order to lower
this O(n^6) time complexity, without introducing large runtime constants, and
without losing any of the generative power needed to capture the syntactic
constructions in natural language that can be handled by unrestricted TAGs. In
particular, we describe an algorithm for parsing a strict subclass of TAG in
O(n^5), and attempt to show that this subclass retains enough generative power
to make it useful in the general case.

Translating near-synonyms: Possibilities and preferences in the
  interlingua
This paper argues that an interlingual representation must explicitly
represent some parts of the meaning of a situation as possibilities (or
preferences), not as necessary or definite components of meaning (or
constraints). Possibilities enable the analysis and generation of nuance,
something required for faithful translation. Furthermore, the representation of
the meaning of words, especially of near-synonyms, is crucial, because it
specifies which nuances words can convey in which contexts.

Choosing the Word Most Typical in Context Using a Lexical Co-occurrence
  Network
This paper presents a partial solution to a component of the problem of
lexical choice: choosing the synonym most typical, or expected, in context. We
apply a new statistical approach to representing the context of a word through
lexical co-occurrence networks. The implementation was trained and evaluated on
a large corpus, and results show that the inclusion of second-order
co-occurrence relations improves the performance of our implemented lexical
choice program.

Comparing a statistical and a rule-based tagger for German
In this paper we present the results of comparing a statistical tagger for
German based on decision trees and a rule-based Brill-Tagger for German. We
used the same training corpus (and therefore the same tag-set) to train both
taggers. We then applied the taggers to the same test corpus and compared their
respective behavior and in particular their error rates. Both taggers perform
similarly with an error rate of around 5%. From the detailed error analysis it
can be seen that the rule-based tagger has more problems with unknown words
than the statistical tagger. But the results are opposite for tokens that are
many-ways ambiguous. If the unknown words are fed into the taggers with the
help of an external lexicon (such as the Gertwol system) the error rate of the
rule-based tagger drops to 4.7%, and the respective rate of the statistical
taggers drops to around 3.7%. Combining the taggers by using the output of one
tagger to help the other did not lead to any further improvement.

Expoiting Syntactic Structure for Language Modeling
The paper presents a language model that develops syntactic structure and
uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history, thus enabling
the use of long distance dependencies. The model assigns probability to every
joint sequence of words--binary-parse-structure with headword annotation and
operates in a left-to-right manner --- therefore usable for automatic speech
recognition. The model, its probabilistic parameterization, and a set of
experiments meant to evaluate its predictive power are presented; an
improvement over standard trigram modeling is achieved.

A Structured Language Model
The paper presents a language model that develops syntactic structure and
uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history, thus enabling
the use of long distance dependencies. The model assigns probability to every
joint sequence of words - binary-parse-structure with headword annotation. The
model, its probabilistic parametrization, and a set of experiments meant to
evaluate its predictive power are presented.

A Probabilistic Approach to Lexical Semantic Knowledge Acquisition and S
  tructural Disambiguation
In this thesis, I address the problem of automatically acquiring lexical
semantic knowledge, especially that of case frame patterns, from large corpus
data and using the acquired knowledge in structural disambiguation. The
approach I adopt has the following characteristics: (1) dividing the problem
into three subproblems: case slot generalization, case dependency learning, and
word clustering (thesaurus construction). (2) viewing each subproblem as that
of statistical estimation and defining probability models for each subproblem,
(3) adopting the Minimum Description Length (MDL) principle as learning
strategy, (4) employing efficient learning algorithms, and (5) viewing the
disambiguation problem as that of statistical prediction. Major contributions
of this thesis include: (1) formalization of the lexical knowledge acquisition
problem, (2) development of a number of learning methods for lexical knowledge
acquisition, and (3) development of a high-performance disambiguation method.

Optimal Multi-Paragraph Text Segmentation by Dynamic Programming
There exist several methods of calculating a similarity curve, or a sequence
of similarity values, representing the lexical cohesion of successive text
constituents, e.g., paragraphs. Methods for deciding the locations of fragment
boundaries are, however, scarce. We propose a fragmentation method based on
dynamic programming. The method is theoretically sound and guaranteed to
provide an optimal splitting on the basis of a similarity curve, a preferred
fragment length, and a cost function defined. The method is especially useful
when control on fragment size is of importance.

A Flexible Shallow Approach to Text Generation
In order to support the efficient development of NL generation systems, two
orthogonal methods are currently pursued with emphasis: (1) reusable, general,
and linguistically motivated surface realization components, and (2) simple,
task-oriented template-based techniques. In this paper we argue that, from an
application-oriented perspective, the benefits of both are still limited. In
order to improve this situation, we suggest and evaluate shallow generation
methods associated with increased flexibility. We advise a close connection
between domain-motivated and linguistic ontologies that supports the quick
adaptation to new tasks and domains, rather than the reuse of general
resources. Our method is especially designed for generating reports with
limited linguistic variations.

An Empirical Approach to Temporal Reference Resolution (journal version)
Scheduling dialogs, during which people negotiate the times of appointments,
are common in everyday life. This paper reports the results of an in-depth
empirical investigation of resolving explicit temporal references in scheduling
dialogs. There are four phases of this work: data annotation and evaluation,
model development, system implementation and evaluation, and model evaluation
and analysis. The system and model were developed primarily on one set of data,
and then applied later to a much more complex data set, to assess the
generalizability of the model for the task being performed. Many different
types of empirical methods are applied to pinpoint the strengths and weaknesses
of the approach. Detailed annotation instructions were developed and an
intercoder reliability study was performed, showing that naive annotators can
reliably perform the targeted annotations. A fully automatic system has been
developed and evaluated on unseen test data, with good results on both data
sets. We adopt a pure realization of a recency-based focus model to identify
precisely when it is and is not adequate for the task being addressed. In
addition to system results, an in-depth evaluation of the model itself is
presented, based on detailed manual annotations. The results are that few
errors occur specifically due to the model of focus being used, and the set of
anaphoric relations defined in the model are low in ambiguity for both data
sets.

Compacting the Penn Treebank Grammar
Treebanks, such as the Penn Treebank (PTB), offer a simple approach to
obtaining a broad coverage grammar: one can simply read the grammar off the
parse trees in the treebank. While such a grammar is easy to obtain, a
square-root rate of growth of the rule set with corpus size suggests that the
derived grammar is far from complete and that much more treebanked text would
be required to obtain a complete grammar, if one exists at some limit. However,
we offer an alternative explanation in terms of the underspecification of
structures within the treebank. This hypothesis is explored by applying an
algorithm to compact the derived grammar by eliminating redundant rules --
rules whose right hand sides can be parsed by other rules. The size of the
resulting compacted grammar, which is significantly less than that of the full
treebank grammar, is shown to approach a limit. However, such a compacted
grammar does not yield very good performance figures. A version of the
compaction algorithm taking rule probabilities into account is proposed, which
is argued to be more linguistically motivated. Combined with simple
thresholding, this method can be used to give a 58% reduction in grammar size
without significant change in parsing performance, and can produce a 69%
reduction with some gain in recall, but a loss in precision.

The "Fodor"-FODOR fallacy bites back
The paper argues that Fodor and Lepore are misguided in their attack on
Pustejovsky's Generative Lexicon, largely because their argument rests on a
traditional, but implausible and discredited, view of the lexicon on which it
is effectively empty of content, a view that stands in the long line of
explaining word meaning (a) by ostension and then (b) explaining it by means of
a vacuous symbol in a lexicon, often the word itself after typographic
transmogrification. (a) and (b) both share the wrong belief that to a word must
correspond a simple entity that is its meaning. I then turn to the semantic
rules that Pustejovsky uses and argue first that, although they have novel
features, they are in a well-established Artificial Intelligence tradition of
explaining meaning by reference to structures that mention other structures
assigned to words that may occur in close proximity to the first. It is argued
that Fodor and Lepore's view that there cannot be such rules is without
foundation, and indeed systems using such rules have proved their practical
worth in computational systems. Their justification descends from line of
argument, whose high points were probably Wittgenstein and Quine that meaning
is not to be understood by simple links to the world, ostensive or otherwise,
but by the relationship of whole cultural representational structures to each
other and to the world as a whole.

Is Word Sense Disambiguation just one more NLP task?
This paper compares the tasks of part-of-speech (POS) tagging and
word-sense-tagging or disambiguation (WSD), and argues that the tasks are not
related by fineness of grain or anything like that, but are quite different
kinds of task, particularly becuase there is nothing in POS corresponding to
sense novelty. The paper also argues for the reintegration of sub-tasks that
are being separated for evaluation

A Formal Framework for Linguistic Annotation
`Linguistic annotation' covers any descriptive or analytic notations applied
to raw language data. The basic data may be in the form of time functions --
audio, video and/or physiological recordings -- or it may be textual. The added
notations may include transcriptions of all sorts (from phonetic features to
discourse structures), part-of-speech and sense tagging, syntactic analysis,
`named entity' identification, co-reference annotation, and so on. While there
are several ongoing efforts to provide formats and tools for such annotations
and to publish annotated linguistic databases, the lack of widely accepted
standards is becoming a critical problem. Proposed standards, to the extent
they exist, have focussed on file formats. This paper focuses instead on the
logical structure of linguistic annotations. We survey a wide variety of
existing annotation formats and demonstrate a common conceptual core, the
annotation graph. This provides a formal framework for constructing,
maintaining and searching linguistic annotations, while remaining consistent
with many alternative data structures and file formats.

Empirically Evaluating an Adaptable Spoken Dialogue System
Recent technological advances have made it possible to build real-time,
interactive spoken dialogue systems for a wide variety of applications.
However, when users do not respect the limitations of such systems, performance
typically degrades. Although users differ with respect to their knowledge of
system limitations, and although different dialogue strategies make system
limitations more apparent to users, most current systems do not try to improve
performance by adapting dialogue behavior to individual users. This paper
presents an empirical evaluation of TOOT, an adaptable spoken dialogue system
for retrieving train schedules on the web. We conduct an experiment in which 20
users carry out 4 tasks with both adaptable and non-adaptable versions of TOOT,
resulting in a corpus of 80 dialogues. The values for a wide range of
evaluation measures are then extracted from this corpus. Our results show that
adaptable TOOT generally outperforms non-adaptable TOOT, and that the utility
of adaptation depends on TOOT's initial dialogue strategies.

Transducers from Rewrite Rules with Backreferences
Context sensitive rewrite rules have been widely used in several areas of
natural language processing, including syntax, morphology, phonology and speech
processing. Kaplan and Kay, Karttunen, and Mohri & Sproat have given various
algorithms to compile such rewrite rules into finite-state transducers. The
present paper extends this work by allowing a limited form of backreferencing
in such rules. The explicit use of backreferencing leads to more elegant and
general solutions.

An ascription-based approach to speech acts
The two principal areas of natural language processing research in pragmatics
are belief modelling and speech act processing. Belief modelling is the
development of techniques to represent the mental attitudes of a dialogue
participant. The latter approach, speech act processing, based on speech act
theory, involves viewing dialogue in planning terms. Utterances in a dialogue
are modelled as steps in a plan where understanding an utterance involves
deriving the complete plan a speaker is attempting to achieve. However,
previous speech act based approaches have been limited by a reliance upon
relatively simplistic belief modelling techniques and their relationship to
planning and plan recognition. In particular, such techniques assume
precomputed nested belief structures. In this paper, we will present an
approach to speech act processing based on novel belief modelling techniques
where nested beliefs are propagated on demand.

A Computational Memory and Processing Model for Processing for Prosody
This paper links prosody to the information in a text and how it is processed
by the speaker. It describes the operation and output of LOQ, a text-to-speech
implementation that includes a model of limited attention and working memory.
Attentional limitations are key. Varying the attentional parameter in the
simulations varies in turn what counts as given and new in a text, and
therefore, the intonational contours with which it is uttered. Currently, the
system produces prosody in three different styles: child-like, adult
expressive, and knowledgeable. This prosody also exhibits differences within
each style -- no two simulations are alike. The limited resource approach
captures some of the stylistic and individual variety found in natural prosody.

Supervised Grammar Induction Using Training Data with Limited
  Constituent Information
Corpus-based grammar induction generally relies on hand-parsed training data
to learn the structure of the language. Unfortunately, the cost of building
large annotated corpora is prohibitively expensive. This work aims to improve
the induction strategy when there are few labels in the training data. We show
that the most informative linguistic constituents are the higher nodes in the
parse trees, typically denoting complex noun phrases and sentential clauses.
They account for only 20% of all constituents. For inducing grammars from
sparsely labeled training data (e.g., only higher-level constituent labels), we
propose an adaptation strategy, which produces grammars that parse almost as
well as grammars induced from fully labeled corpora. Our results suggest that
for a partial parser to replace human annotators, it must be able to
automatically extract higher-level constituents rather than base noun phrases.

The syntactic processing of particles in Japanese spoken language
Particles fullfill several distinct central roles in the Japanese language.
They can mark arguments as well as adjuncts, can be functional or have semantic
funtions. There is, however, no straightforward matching from particles to
functions, as, e.g., GA can mark the subject, the object or an adjunct of a
sentence. Particles can cooccur. Verbal arguments that could be identified by
particles can be eliminated in the Japanese sentence. And finally, in spoken
language particles are often omitted. A proper treatment of particles is thus
necessary to make an analysis of Japanese sentences possible. Our treatment is
based on an empirical investigation of 800 dialogues. We set up a type
hierarchy of particles motivated by their subcategorizational and
modificational behaviour. This type hierarchy is part of the Japanese syntax in
VERBMOBIL.

Cascaded Markov Models
This paper presents a new approach to partial parsing of context-free
structures. The approach is based on Markov Models. Each layer of the resulting
structure is represented by its own Markov Model, and output of a lower layer
is passed as input to the next higher layer. An empirical evaluation of the
method yields very good results for NP/PP chunking of German newspaper texts.

Evaluation of the NLP Components of the OVIS2 Spoken Dialogue System
The NWO Priority Programme Language and Speech Technology is a 5-year
research programme aiming at the development of spoken language information
systems. In the Programme, two alternative natural language processing (NLP)
modules are developed in parallel: a grammar-based (conventional, rule-based)
module and a data-oriented (memory-based, stochastic, DOP) module. In order to
compare the NLP modules, a formal evaluation has been carried out three years
after the start of the Programme. This paper describes the evaluation procedure
and the evaluation results. The grammar-based component performs much better
than the data-oriented one in this comparison.

Learning Transformation Rules to Find Grammatical Relations
Grammatical relationships are an important level of natural language
processing. We present a trainable approach to find these relationships through
transformation sequences and error-driven learning. Our approach finds
grammatical relationships between core syntax groups and bypasses much of the
parsing phase. On our training and test set, our procedure achieves 63.6%
recall and 77.3% precision (f-score = 69.8).

Temporal Meaning Representations in a Natural Language Front-End
Previous work in the context of natural language querying of temporal
databases has established a method to map automatically from a large subset of
English time-related questions to suitable expressions of a temporal logic-like
language, called TOP. An algorithm to translate from TOP to the TSQL2 temporal
database language has also been defined. This paper shows how TOP expressions
could be translated into a simpler logic-like language, called BOT. BOT is very
close to traditional first-order predicate logic (FOPL), and hence existing
methods to manipulate FOPL expressions can be exploited to interface to
time-sensitive applications other than TSQL2 databases, maintaining the
existing English-to-TOP mapping.

Mapping Multilingual Hierarchies Using Relaxation Labeling
This paper explores the automatic construction of a multilingual Lexical
Knowledge Base from pre-existing lexical resources. We present a new and robust
approach for linking already existing lexical/semantic hierarchies. We used a
constraint satisfaction algorithm (relaxation labeling) to select --among all
the candidate translations proposed by a bilingual dictionary-- the right
English WordNet synset for each sense in a taxonomy automatically derived from
a Spanish monolingual dictionary. Although on average, there are 15 possible
WordNet connections for each sense in the taxonomy, the method achieves an
accuracy over 80%. Finally, we also propose several ways in which this
technique could be applied to enrich and improve existing lexical databases.

Robust Grammatical Analysis for Spoken Dialogue Systems
We argue that grammatical analysis is a viable alternative to concept
spotting for processing spoken input in a practical spoken dialogue system. We
discuss the structure of the grammar, and a model for robust parsing which
combines linguistic sources of information and statistical sources of
information. We discuss test results suggesting that grammatical processing
allows fast and accurate processing of spoken input.

A Unified Example-Based and Lexicalist Approach to Machine Translation
We present an approach to Machine Translation that combines the ideas and
methodologies of the Example-Based and Lexicalist theoretical frameworks. The
approach has been implemented in a multilingual Machine Translation system.

Annotation graphs as a framework for multidimensional linguistic data
  analysis
In recent work we have presented a formal framework for linguistic annotation
based on labeled acyclic digraphs. These `annotation graphs' offer a simple yet
powerful method for representing complex annotation structures incorporating
hierarchy and overlap. Here, we motivate and illustrate our approach using
discourse-level annotations of text and speech data drawn from the CALLHOME,
COCONUT, MUC-7, DAMSL and TRAINS annotation schemes. With the help of domain
specialists, we have constructed a hybrid multi-level annotation for a fragment
of the Boston University Radio Speech Corpus which includes the following
levels: segment, word, breath, ToBI, Tilt, Treebank, coreference and named
entity. We show how annotation graphs can represent hybrid multi-level
structures which derive from a diverse set of file formats. We also show how
the approach facilitates substantive comparison of multiple annotations of a
single signal based on different theoretical models. The discussion shows how
annotation graphs open the door to wide-ranging integration of tools, formats
and corpora.

Representing Text Chunks
Dividing sentences in chunks of words is a useful preprocessing step for
parsing, information extraction and information retrieval. (Ramshaw and Marcus,
1995) have introduced a "convenient" data representation for chunking by
converting it to a tagging task. In this paper we will examine seven different
data representations for the problem of recognizing noun phrase chunks. We will
show that the the data representation choice has a minor influence on chunking
performance. However, equipped with the most suitable data representation, our
memory-based learning chunker was able to improve the best published chunking
results for a standard data set.

Cross-Language Information Retrieval for Technical Documents
This paper proposes a Japanese/English cross-language information retrieval
(CLIR) system targeting technical documents. Our system first translates a
given query containing technical terms into the target language, and then
retrieves documents relevant to the translated query. The translation of
technical terms is still problematic in that technical terms are often compound
words, and thus new terms can be progressively created simply by combining
existing base words. In addition, Japanese often represents loanwords based on
its phonogram. Consequently, existing dictionaries find it difficult to achieve
sufficient coverage. To counter the first problem, we use a compound word
translation method, which uses a bilingual dictionary for base words and
collocational statistics to resolve translation ambiguity. For the second
problem, we propose a transliteration method, which identifies phonetic
equivalents in the target language. We also show the effectiveness of our
system using a test collection for CLIR.

Explanation-based Learning for Machine Translation
In this paper we present an application of explanation-based learning (EBL)
in the parsing module of a real-time English-Spanish machine translation system
designed to translate closed captions. We discuss the efficiency/coverage
trade-offs available in EBL and introduce the techniques we use to increase
coverage while maintaining a high level of space and time efficiency. Our
performance results indicate that this approach is effective.

Language Identification With Confidence Limits
A statistical classification algorithm and its application to language
identification from noisy input are described. The main innovation is to
compute confidence limits on the classification, so that the algorithm
terminates when enough evidence to make a clear decision has been made, and so
avoiding problems with categories that have similar characteristics. A second
application, to genre identification, is briefly examined. The results show
that some of the problems of other language identification techniques can be
avoided, and illustrate a more important point: that a statistical language
process can be used to provide feedback about its own success rate.

Selective Magic HPSG Parsing
We propose a parser for constraint-logic grammars implementing HPSG that
combines the advantages of dynamic bottom-up and advanced top-down control. The
parser allows the user to apply magic compilation to specific constraints in a
grammar which as a result can be processed dynamically in a bottom-up and
goal-directed fashion. State of the art top-down processing techniques are used
to deal with the remaining constraints. We discuss various aspects concerning
the implementation of the parser as part of a grammar development system.

Corpus Annotation for Parser Evaluation
We describe a recently developed corpus annotation scheme for evaluating
parsers that avoids shortcomings of current methods. The scheme encodes
grammatical relations between heads and dependents, and has been used to mark
up a new public-domain corpus of naturally occurring English text. We show how
the corpus can be used to evaluate the accuracy of a robust parser, and relate
the corpus to extant resources.

A Bootstrap Approach to Automatically Generating Lexical Transfer Rules
We describe a method for automatically generating Lexical Transfer Rules
(LTRs) from word equivalences using transfer rule templates. Templates are
skeletal LTRs, unspecified for words. New LTRs are created by instantiating a
template with words, provided that the words belong to the appropriate lexical
categories required by the template. We define two methods for creating an
inventory of templates and using them to generate new LTRs. A simpler method
consists of extracting a finite set of templates from a sample of hand coded
LTRs and directly using them in the generation process. A further method
consists of abstracting over the initial finite set of templates to define
higher level templates, where bilingual equivalences are defined in terms of
correspondences involving phrasal categories. Phrasal templates are then mapped
onto sets of lexical templates with the aid of grammars. In this way an
infinite set of lexical templates is recursively defined. New LTRs are created
by parsing input words, matching a template at the phrasal level and using the
corresponding lexical categories to instantiate the lexical template. The
definition of an infinite set of templates enables the automatic creation of
LTRs for multi-word, non-compositional word equivalences of any cardinality.

Architectural Considerations for Conversational Systems -- The
  Verbmobil/INTARC Experience
The paper describes the speech to speech translation system INTARC, developed
during the first phase of the Verbmobil project. The general design goals of
the INTARC system architecture were time synchronous processing as well as
incrementality and interactivity as a means to achieve a higher degree of
robustness and scalability. Interactivity means that in addition to the
bottom-up (in terms of processing levels) data flow the ability to process
top-down restrictions considering the same signal segment for all processing
levels. The construction of INTARC 2.0, which has been operational since fall
1996, followed an engineering approach focussing on the integration of symbolic
(linguistic) and stochastic (recognition) techniques which led to a
generalization of the concept of a ``one pass'' beam search.

Detecting Sub-Topic Correspondence through Bipartite Term Clustering
This paper addresses a novel task of detecting sub-topic correspondence in a
pair of text fragments, enhancing common notions of text similarity. This task
is addressed by coupling corresponding term subsets through bipartite
clustering. The paper presents a cost-based clustering scheme and compares it
with a bipartite version of the single-link method, providing illustrating
results.

Semantic robust parsing for noun extraction from natural language
  queries
This paper describes how robust parsing techniques can be fruitful applied
for building a query generation module which is part of a pipelined NLP
architecture aimed at process natural language queries in a restricted domain.
We want to show that semantic robustness represents a key issue in those NLP
systems where it is more likely to have partial and ill-formed utterances due
to various factors (e.g. noisy environments, low quality of speech recognition
modules, etc...) and where it is necessary to succeed, even if partially, in
extracting some meaningful information.

Selective Sampling for Example-based Word Sense Disambiguation
This paper proposes an efficient example sampling method for example-based
word sense disambiguation systems. To construct a database of practical size, a
considerable overhead for manual sense disambiguation (overhead for
supervision) is required. In addition, the time complexity of searching a
large-sized database poses a considerable problem (overhead for search). To
counter these problems, our method selectively samples a smaller-sized
effective subset from a given example set for use in word sense disambiguation.
Our method is characterized by the reliance on the notion of training utility:
the degree to which each example is informative for future example sampling
when used for the training of the system. The system progressively collects
examples by selecting those with greatest utility. The paper reports the
effectiveness of our method through experiments on about one thousand
sentences. Compared to experiments with other example sampling methods, our
method reduced both the overhead for supervision and the overhead for search,
without the degeneration of the performance of the system.

Practical experiments with regular approximation of context-free
  languages
Several methods are discussed that construct a finite automaton given a
context-free grammar, including both methods that lead to subsets and those
that lead to supersets of the original context-free language. Some of these
methods of regular approximation are new, and some others are presented here in
a more refined form with respect to existing literature. Practical experiments
with the different methods of regular approximation are performed for
spoken-language input: hypotheses from a speech recognizer are filtered through
a finite automaton.

Question Answering System Using Syntactic Information
Question answering task is now being done in TREC8 using English documents.
We examined question answering task in Japanese sentences. Our method selects
the answer by matching the question sentence with knowledge-based data written
in natural language. We use syntactic information to obtain highly accurate
answers.

One-Level Prosodic Morphology
Recent developments in theoretical linguistics have lead to a widespread
acceptance of constraint-based analyses of prosodic morphology phenomena such
as truncation, infixation, floating morphemes and reduplication. Of these,
reduplication is particularly challenging for state-of-the-art computational
morphology, since it involves copying of some part of a phonological string. In
this paper I argue for certain extensions to the one-level model of phonology
and morphology (Bird & Ellison 1994) to cover the computational aspects of
prosodic morphology using finite-state methods. In a nutshell, enriched lexical
representations provide additional automaton arcs to repeat or skip sounds and
also to allow insertion of additional material. A kind of resource
consciousness is introduced to control this additional freedom, distinguishing
between producer and consumer arcs. The non-finite-state copying aspect of
reduplication is mapped to automata intersection, itself a non-finite-state
operation. Bounded local optimization prunes certain automaton arcs that fail
to contribute to linguistic optimisation criteria. The paper then presents
implemented case studies of Ulwa construct state infixation, German
hypocoristic truncation and Tagalog over-applying reduplication that illustrate
the expressive power of this approach, before its merits and limitations are
discussed and possible extensions are sketched. I conclude that the one-level
approach to prosodic morphology presents an attractive way of extending
finite-state techniques to difficult phenomena that hitherto resisted elegant
computational analyses.

Resolution of Indirect Anaphora in Japanese Sentences Using Examples 'X
  no Y (Y of X)'
A noun phrase can indirectly refer to an entity that has already been
mentioned. For example, ``I went into an old house last night. The roof was
leaking badly and ...'' indicates that ``the roof'' is associated with `` an
old house}'', which was mentioned in the previous sentence. This kind of
reference (indirect anaphora) has not been studied well in natural language
processing, but is important for coherence resolution, language understanding,
and machine translation. In order to analyze indirect anaphora, we need a case
frame dictionary for nouns that contains knowledge of the relationships between
two nouns but no such dictionary presently exists. Therefore, we are forced to
use examples of ``X no Y'' (Y of X) and a verb case frame dictionary instead.
We tried estimating indirect anaphora using this information and obtained a
recall rate of 63% and a precision rate of 68% on test sentences. This
indicates that the information of ``X no Y'' is useful to a certain extent when
we cannot make use of a noun case frame dictionary. We estimated the results
that would be given by a noun case frame dictionary, and obtained recall and
precision rates of 71% and 82% respectively. Finally, we proposed a way to
construct a noun case frame dictionary by using examples of ``X no Y.''

Pronoun Resolution in Japanese Sentences Using Surface Expressions and
  Examples
In this paper, we present a method of estimating referents of demonstrative
pronouns, personal pronouns, and zero pronouns in Japanese sentences using
examples, surface expressions, topics and foci. Unlike conventional work which
was semantic markers for semantic constraints, we used examples for semantic
constraints and showed in our experiments that examples are as useful as
semantic markers. We also propose many new methods for estimating referents of
pronouns. For example, we use the form ``X of Y'' for estimating referents of
demonstrative adjectives. In addition to our new methods, we used many
conventional methods. As a result, experiments using these methods obtained a
precision rate of 87% in estimating referents of demonstrative pronouns,
personal pronouns, and zero pronouns for training sentences, and obtained a
precision rate of 78% for test sentences.

An Estimate of Referent of Noun Phrases in Japanese Sentences
In machine translation and man-machine dialogue, it is important to clarify
referents of noun phrases. We present a method for determining the referents of
noun phrases in Japanese sentences by using the referential properties,
modifiers, and possessors of noun phrases. Since the Japanese language has no
articles, it is difficult to decide whether a noun phrase has an antecedent or
not. We had previously estimated the referential properties of noun phrases
that correspond to articles by using clue words in the sentences. By using
these referential properties, our system determined the referents of noun
phrases in Japanese sentences. Furthermore we used the modifiers and possessors
of noun phrases in determining the referents of noun phrases. As a result, on
training sentences we obtained a precision rate of 82% and a recall rate of 85%
in the determination of the referents of noun phrases that have antecedents. On
test sentences, we obtained a precision rate of 79% and a recall rate of 77%.

Resolution of Verb Ellipsis in Japanese Sentence using Surface
  Expressions and Examples
Verbs are sometimes omitted in Japanese sentences. It is necessary to recover
omitted verbs for purposes of language understanding, machine translation, and
conversational processing. This paper describes a practical way to recover
omitted verbs by using surface expressions and examples. We experimented the
resolution of verb ellipses by using this information, and obtained a recall
rate of 73% and a precision rate of 66% on test sentences.

An Example-Based Approach to Japanese-to-English Translation of Tense,
  Aspect, and Modality
We have developed a new method for Japanese-to-English translation of tense,
aspect, and modality that uses an example-based method. In this method the
similarity between input and example sentences is defined as the degree of
semantic matching between the expressions at the ends of the sentences. Our
method also uses the k-nearest neighbor method in order to exclude the effects
of noise; for example, wrongly tagged data in the bilingual corpora.
Experiments show that our method can translate tenses, aspects, and modalities
more accurately than the top-level MT software currently available on the
market can. Moreover, it does not require hand-craft rules.

Deduction over Mixed-Level Logic Representations for Text Passage
  Retrieval
A system is described that uses a mixed-level representation of (part of)
meaning of natural language documents (based on standard Horn Clause Logic) and
a variable-depth search strategy that distinguishes between the different
levels of abstraction in the knowledge representation to locate specific
passages in the documents. Mixed-level representations as well as
variable-depth search strategies are applicable in fields outside that of NLP.

Mixed-Level Knowledge Representation and Variable-Depth Inference in
  Natural Language Processing
A system is described that uses a mixed-level knowledge representation based
on standard Horn Clause Logic to represent (part of) the meaning of natural
language documents. A variable-depth search strategy is outlined that
distinguishes between the different levels of abstraction in the knowledge
representation to locate specific passages in the documents. A detailed
description of the linguistic aspects of the system is given. Mixed-level
representations as well as variable-depth search strategies are applicable in
fields outside that of NLP.

A Real World Implementation of Answer Extraction
In this paper we describe ExtrAns, an answer extraction system. Answer
extraction (AE) aims at retrieving those exact passages of a document that
directly answer a given user question. AE is more ambitious than information
retrieval and information extraction in that the retrieval results are phrases,
not entire documents, and in that the queries may be arbitrarily specific. It
is less ambitious than full-fledged question answering in that the answers are
not generated from a knowledge base but looked up in the text of documents. The
current version of ExtrAns is able to parse unedited Unix "man pages", and
derive the logical form of their sentences. User queries are also translated
into logical forms. A theorem prover then retrieves the relevant phrases, which
are presented through selective highlighting in their context.

Measures of Distributional Similarity
We study distributional similarity measures for the purpose of improving
probability estimation for unseen cooccurrences. Our contributions are
three-fold: an empirical comparison of a broad range of measures; a
classification of similarity functions based on the information that they
incorporate; and the introduction of a novel function that is superior at
evaluating potential proxy distributions.

Exploiting Syntactic Structure for Natural Language Modeling
The thesis presents an attempt at using the syntactic structure in natural
language for improved language models for speech recognition. The structured
language model merges techniques in automatic parsing and language modeling
using an original probabilistic parameterization of a shift-reduce parser. A
maximum likelihood reestimation procedure belonging to the class of
expectation-maximization algorithms is employed for training the model.
Experiments on the Wall Street Journal, Switchboard and Broadcast News corpora
show improvement in both perplexity and word error rate - word lattice
rescoring - over the standard 3-gram language model. The significance of the
thesis lies in presenting an original approach to language modeling that uses
the hierarchical - syntactic - structure in natural language to improve on
current 3-gram modeling techniques for large vocabulary speech recognition.

Refinement of a Structured Language Model
A new language model for speech recognition inspired by linguistic analysis
is presented. The model develops hidden hierarchical structure incrementally
and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history - thus
enabling the use of extended distance dependencies - in an attempt to
complement the locality of currently used n-gram Markov models. The model, its
probabilistic parametrization, a reestimation algorithm for the model
parameters and a set of experiments meant to evaluate its potential for speech
recognition are presented.

Recognition Performance of a Structured Language Model
A new language model for speech recognition inspired by linguistic analysis
is presented. The model develops hidden hierarchical structure incrementally
and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history - thus
enabling the use of extended distance dependencies - in an attempt to
complement the locality of currently used trigram models. The structured
language model, its probabilistic parameterization and performance in a
two-pass speech recognizer are presented. Experiments on the SWITCHBOARD corpus
show an improvement in both perplexity and word error rate over conventional
trigram models.

Structured Language Modeling for Speech Recognition
A new language model for speech recognition is presented. The model develops
hidden hierarchical syntactic-like structure incrementally and uses it to
extract meaningful information from the word history, thus complementing the
locality of currently used trigram models. The structured language model (SLM)
and its performance in a two-pass speech recognizer --- lattice decoding ---
are presented. Experiments on the WSJ corpus show an improvement in both
perplexity (PPL) and word error rate (WER) over conventional trigram models.

Requirements of Text Processing Lexicons
As text processing systems expand in scope, they will require ever larger
lexicons along with a parsing capability for discriminating among many senses
of a word. Existing systems do not incorporate such subtleties in meaning for
their lexicons. Ordinary dictionaries contain such information, but are largely
untapped. When the contents of dictionaries are scrutinized, they reveal many
requirements that must be satisfied in representing meaning and in developing
semantic parsers. These requirements were identified in research designed to
find primitive verb concepts. The requirements are outlined and general
procedures for satisfying them through the use of ordinary dictionaries are
described, illustrated by building frames for and examining the definitions of
"change" and its uses as a hypernym in other definitions.

An Usage Measure Based on Psychophysical Relations
A new word usage measure is proposed. It is based on psychophysical relations
and allows to reveal words by its degree of "importance" for making basic
dictionaries of sublanguages.

TnT - A Statistical Part-of-Speech Tagger
Trigrams'n'Tags (TnT) is an efficient statistical part-of-speech tagger.
Contrary to claims found elsewhere in the literature, we argue that a tagger
based on Markov models performs at least as well as other current approaches,
including the Maximum Entropy framework. A recent comparison has even shown
that TnT performs significantly better for the tested corpora. We describe the
basic model of TnT, the techniques used for smoothing and for handling unknown
words. Furthermore, we present evaluations on two corpora.

Message Classification in the Call Center
Customer care in technical domains is increasingly based on e-mail
communication, allowing for the reproduction of approved solutions. Identifying
the customer's problem is often time-consuming, as the problem space changes if
new products are launched. This paper describes a new approach to the
classification of e-mail requests based on shallow text processing and machine
learning techniques. It is implemented within an assistance system for call
center agents that is used in a commercial setting.

A Finite State and Data-Oriented Method for Grapheme to Phoneme
  Conversion
A finite-state method, based on leftmost longest-match replacement, is
presented for segmenting words into graphemes, and for converting graphemes
into phonemes. A small set of hand-crafted conversion rules for Dutch achieves
a phoneme accuracy of over 93%. The accuracy of the system is further improved
by using transformation-based learning. The phoneme accuracy of the best system
(using a large set of rule templates and a `lazy' variant of Brill's algoritm),
trained on only 40K words, reaches 99% accuracy.

Variable Word Rate N-grams
The rate of occurrence of words is not uniform but varies from document to
document. Despite this observation, parameters for conventional n-gram language
models are usually derived using the assumption of a constant word rate. In
this paper we investigate the use of variable word rate assumption, modelled by
a Poisson distribution or a continuous mixture of Poissons. We present an
approach to estimating the relative frequencies of words or n-grams taking
prior information of their occurrences into account. Discounting and smoothing
schemes are also considered. Using the Broadcast News task, the approach
demonstrates a reduction of perplexity up to 10%.

Advances in domain independent linear text segmentation
This paper describes a method for linear text segmentation which is twice as
accurate and over seven times as fast as the state-of-the-art (Reynar, 1998).
Inter-sentence similarity is replaced by rank in the local context. Boundary
locations are discovered by divisive clustering.

Information Extraction from Broadcast News
This paper discusses the development of trainable statistical models for
extracting content from television and radio news broadcasts. In particular we
concentrate on statistical finite state models for identifying proper names and
other named entities in broadcast speech. Two models are presented: the first
represents name class information as a word attribute; the second represents
both word-word and class-class transitions explicitly. A common n-gram based
formulation is used for both models. The task of named entity identification is
characterized by relatively sparse training data and issues related to
smoothing are discussed. Experiments are reported using the DARPA/NIST Hub-4E
evaluation for North American Broadcast News.

Looking at discourse in a corpus: The role of lexical cohesion
This paper is aimed at reporting on the development and application of a
computer model for discourse analysis through segmentation. Segmentation refers
to the principled division of texts into contiguous constituents. Other studies
have looked at the application of a number of models to the analysis of
discourse by computer. The segmentation procedure developed for the present
investigation is called LSM ('Link Set Median'). It was applied to three corpus
of 300 texts from three different genres. The results obtained by application
of the LSM procedure on the corpus were then compared to segmentation carried
out at random. Statistical analyses suggested that LSM significantly
outperformed random segmentation, thus indicating that the segmentation was
meaningful.

A Simple Approach to Building Ensembles of Naive Bayesian Classifiers
  for Word Sense Disambiguation
This paper presents a corpus-based approach to word sense disambiguation that
builds an ensemble of Naive Bayesian classifiers, each of which is based on
lexical features that represent co--occurring words in varying sized windows of
context. Despite the simplicity of this approach, empirical results
disambiguating the widely studied nouns line and interest show that such an
ensemble achieves accuracy rivaling the best previously published results.

Noun Phrase Recognition by System Combination
The performance of machine learning algorithms can be improved by combining
the output of different systems. In this paper we apply this idea to the
recognition of noun phrases.We generate different classifiers by using
different representations of the data. By combining the results with voting
techniques described in (Van Halteren et.al. 1998) we manage to improve the
best reported performances on standard data sets for base noun phrases and
arbitrary noun phrases.

Improving Testsuites via Instrumentation
This paper explores the usefulness of a technique from software engineering,
namely code instrumentation, for the development of large-scale natural
language grammars. Information about the usage of grammar rules in test
sentences is used to detect untested rules, redundant test sentences, and
likely causes of overgeneration. Results show that less than half of a
large-coverage grammar for German is actually tested by two large testsuites,
and that 10-30% of testing time is redundant. The methodology applied can be
seen as a re-use of grammar writing knowledge for testsuite compilation.

On the Scalability of the Answer Extraction System "ExtrAns"
This paper reports on the scalability of the answer extraction system
ExtrAns. An answer extraction system locates the exact phrases in the documents
that contain the explicit answers to the user queries. Answer extraction
systems are therefore more convenient than document retrieval systems in
situations where the user wants to find specific information in limited time.
  ExtrAns performs answer extraction over UNIX manpages. It has been
constructed by combining available linguistic resources and implementing only a
few modules from scratch. A resolution procedure between the minimal logical
form of the user query and the minimal logical forms of the manpage sentences
finds the answers to the queries. These answers are displayed to the user,
together with pointers to the respective manpages, and the exact phrases that
contribute to the answer are highlighted.
  This paper shows that the increase in response times is not a big issue when
scaling the system up from 30 to 500 documents, and that the response times for
500 documents are still acceptable for a real-time answer extraction system.

Finite-State Reduplication in One-Level Prosodic Morphology
Reduplication, a central instance of prosodic morphology, is particularly
challenging for state-of-the-art computational morphology, since it involves
copying of some part of a phonological string. In this paper I advocate a
finite-state method that combines enriched lexical representations via
intersection to implement the copying. The proposal includes a
resource-conscious variant of automata and can benefit from the existence of
lazy algorithms. Finally, the implementation of a complex case from Koasati is
presented.

Ranking suspected answers to natural language questions using predictive
  annotation
In this paper, we describe a system to rank suspected answers to natural
language questions. We process both corpus and query using a new technique,
predictive annotation, which augments phrases in texts with labels anticipating
their being targets of certain kinds of questions. Given a natural language
question, an IR system returns a set of matching passages, which are then
analyzed and ranked according to various criteria described in this paper. We
provide an evaluation of the techniques based on results from the TREC Q&A
evaluation in which our system participated.

Exploiting Diversity in Natural Language Processing: Combining Parsers
Three state-of-the-art statistical parsers are combined to produce more
accurate parses, as well as new bounds on achievable Treebank parsing accuracy.
Two general approaches are presented and two combination techniques are
described for each approach. Both parametric and non-parametric models are
explored. The resulting parsers surpass the best previously published
performance results for the Penn Treebank.

Bagging and Boosting a Treebank Parser
Bagging and boosting, two effective machine learning techniques, are applied
to natural language parsing. Experiments using these techniques with a
trainable statistical parser are described. The best resulting system provides
roughly as large of a gain in F-measure as doubling the corpus size. Error
analysis of the result of the boosting technique reveals some inconsistent
annotations in the Penn Treebank, suggesting a semi-automatic method for
finding inconsistent treebank annotations.

Exploiting Diversity for Natural Language Parsing
The popularity of applying machine learning methods to computational
linguistics problems has produced a large supply of trainable natural language
processing systems. Most problems of interest have an array of off-the-shelf
products or downloadable code implementing solutions using various techniques.
Where these solutions are developed independently, it is observed that their
errors tend to be independently distributed. This thesis is concerned with
approaches for capitalizing on this situation in a sample problem domain, Penn
Treebank-style parsing.
  The machine learning community provides techniques for combining outputs of
classifiers, but parser output is more structured and interdependent than
classifications. To address this discrepancy, two novel strategies for
combining parsers are used: learning to control a switch between parsers and
constructing a hybrid parse from multiple parsers' outputs.
  Off-the-shelf parsers are not developed with an intention to perform well in
a collaborative ensemble. Two techniques are presented for producing an
ensemble of parsers that collaborate. All of the ensemble members are created
using the same underlying parser induction algorithm, and the method for
producing complementary parsers is only loosely constrained by that chosen
algorithm.

Turning Speech Into Scripts
We describe an architecture for implementing spoken natural language dialogue
interfaces to semi-autonomous systems, in which the central idea is to
transform the input speech signal through successive levels of representation
corresponding roughly to linguistic knowledge, dialogue knowledge, and domain
knowledge. The final representation is an executable program in a simple
scripting language equivalent to a subset of Cshell. At each stage of the
translation process, an input is transformed into an output, producing as a
byproduct a "meta-output" which describes the nature of the transformation
performed. We show how consistent use of the output/meta-output distinction
permits a simple and perspicuous treatment of apparently diverse topics
including resolution of pronouns, correction of user misconceptions, and
optimization of scripts. The methods described have been concretely realized in
a prototype speech interface to a simulation of the Personal Satellite
Assistant.

A Compact Architecture for Dialogue Management Based on Scripts and
  Meta-Outputs
We describe an architecture for spoken dialogue interfaces to semi-autonomous
systems that transforms speech signals through successive representations of
linguistic, dialogue, and domain knowledge. Each step produces an output, and a
meta-output describing the transformation, with an executable program in a
simple scripting language as the final result. The output/meta-output
distinction permits perspicuous treatment of diverse tasks such as resolving
pronouns, correcting user misconceptions, and optimizing scripts.

A Comparison of the XTAG and CLE Grammars for English
When people develop something intended as a large broad-coverage grammar,
they usually have a more specific goal in mind. Sometimes this goal is covering
a corpus; sometimes the developers have theoretical ideas they wish to
investigate; most often, work is driven by a combination of these two main
types of goal. What tends to happen after a while is that the community of
people working with the grammar starts thinking of some phenomena as
``central'', and makes serious efforts to deal with them; other phenomena are
labelled ``marginal'', and ignored. Before long, the distinction between
``central'' and ``marginal'' becomes so ingrained that it is automatic, and
people virtually stop thinking about the ``marginal'' phenomena. In practice,
the only way to bring the marginal things back into focus is to look at what
other people are doing and compare it with one's own work. In this paper, we
will take two large grammars, XTAG and the CLE, and examine each of them from
the other's point of view. We will find in both cases not only that important
things are missing, but that the perspective offered by the other grammar
suggests simple and practical ways of filling in the holes. It turns out that
there is a pleasing symmetry to the picture. XTAG has a very good treatment of
complement structure, which the CLE to some extent lacks; conversely, the CLE
offers a powerful and general account of adjuncts, which the XTAG grammar does
not fully duplicate. If we examine the way in which each grammar does the thing
it is good at, we find that the relevant methods are quite easy to port to the
other framework, and in fact only involve generalization and systematization of
existing mechanisms.

Compiling Language Models from a Linguistically Motivated Unification
  Grammar
Systems now exist which are able to compile unification grammars into
language models that can be included in a speech recognizer, but it is so far
unclear whether non-trivial linguistically principled grammars can be used for
this purpose. We describe a series of experiments which investigate the
question empirically, by incrementally constructing a grammar and discovering
what problems emerge when successively larger versions are compiled into finite
state graph representations and used as language models for a medium-vocabulary
recognition task.

Dialogue Act Modeling for Automatic Tagging and Recognition of
  Conversational Speech
We describe a statistical approach for modeling dialogue acts in
conversational speech, i.e., speech-act-like units such as Statement, Question,
Backchannel, Agreement, Disagreement, and Apology. Our model detects and
predicts dialogue acts based on lexical, collocational, and prosodic cues, as
well as on the discourse coherence of the dialogue act sequence. The dialogue
model is based on treating the discourse structure of a conversation as a
hidden Markov model and the individual dialogue acts as observations emanating
from the model states. Constraints on the likely sequence of dialogue acts are
modeled via a dialogue act n-gram. The statistical dialogue grammar is combined
with word n-grams, decision trees, and neural networks modeling the
idiosyncratic lexical and prosodic manifestations of each dialogue act. We
develop a probabilistic integration of speech recognition with dialogue
modeling, to improve both speech recognition and dialogue act classification
accuracy. Models are trained and evaluated using a large hand-labeled database
of 1,155 conversations from the Switchboard corpus of spontaneous
human-to-human telephone speech. We achieved good dialogue act labeling
accuracy (65% based on errorful, automatically recognized words and prosody,
and 71% based on word transcripts, compared to a chance baseline accuracy of
35% and human accuracy of 84%) and a small reduction in word recognition error.

Can Prosody Aid the Automatic Classification of Dialog Acts in
  Conversational Speech?
Identifying whether an utterance is a statement, question, greeting, and so
forth is integral to effective automatic understanding of natural dialog.
Little is known, however, about how such dialog acts (DAs) can be automatically
classified in truly natural conversation. This study asks whether current
approaches, which use mainly word information, could be improved by adding
prosodic information. The study is based on more than 1000 conversations from
the Switchboard corpus. DAs were hand-annotated, and prosodic features
(duration, pause, F0, energy, and speaking rate) were automatically extracted
for each DA. In training, decision trees based on these features were inferred;
trees were then applied to unseen test data to evaluate performance.
Performance was evaluated for prosody models alone, and after combining the
prosody models with word information -- either from true words or from the
output of an automatic speech recognizer. For an overall classification task,
as well as three subtasks, prosody made significant contributions to
classification. Feature-specific analyses further revealed that although
canonical features (such as F0 for questions) were important, less obvious
features could compensate if canonical features were removed. Finally, in each
task, integrating the prosodic model with a DA-specific statistical language
model improved performance over that of the language model alone, especially
for the case of recognized words. Results suggest that DAs are redundantly
marked in natural conversation, and that a variety of automatically extractable
prosodic features could aid dialog processing in speech applications.

Entropy-based Pruning of Backoff Language Models
A criterion for pruning parameters from N-gram backoff language models is
developed, based on the relative entropy between the original and the pruned
model. It is shown that the relative entropy resulting from pruning a single
N-gram can be computed exactly and efficiently for backoff models. The relative
entropy measure can be expressed as a relative change in training set
perplexity. This leads to a simple pruning criterion whereby all N-grams that
change perplexity by less than a threshold are removed from the model.
Experiments show that a production-quality Hub4 LM can be reduced to 26% its
original size without increasing recognition error. We also compare the
approach to a heuristic pruning criterion by Seymore and Rosenfeld (1996), and
show that their approach can be interpreted as an approximation to the relative
entropy criterion. Experimentally, both approaches select similar sets of
N-grams (about 85% overlap), with the exact relative entropy criterion giving
marginally better performance.

Trainable Methods for Surface Natural Language Generation
We present three systems for surface natural language generation that are
trainable from annotated corpora. The first two systems, called NLG1 and NLG2,
require a corpus marked only with domain-specific semantic attributes, while
the last system, called NLG3, requires a corpus marked with both semantic
attributes and syntactic dependency information. All systems attempt to produce
a grammatical natural language phrase from a domain-specific semantic
representation. NLG1 serves a baseline system and uses phrase frequencies to
generate a whole phrase in one step, while NLG2 and NLG3 use maximum entropy
probability models to individually generate each word in the phrase. The
systems NLG2 and NLG3 learn to determine both the word choice and the word
order of the phrase. We present experiments in which we generate phrases to
describe flights in the air travel domain.

Prosody-Based Automatic Segmentation of Speech into Sentences and Topics
A crucial step in processing speech audio data for information extraction,
topic detection, or browsing/playback is to segment the input into sentence and
topic units. Speech segmentation is challenging, since the cues typically
present for segmenting text (headers, paragraphs, punctuation) are absent in
spoken language. We investigate the use of prosody (information gleaned from
the timing and melody of speech) for these tasks. Using decision tree and
hidden Markov modeling techniques, we combine prosodic cues with word-based
approaches, and evaluate performance on two speech corpora, Broadcast News and
Switchboard. Results show that the prosodic model alone performs on par with,
or better than, word-based statistical language models -- for both true and
automatically recognized words in news speech. The prosodic model achieves
comparable performance with significantly less training data, and requires no
hand-labeling of prosodic events. Across tasks and corpora, we obtain a
significant improvement over word-only models using a probabilistic combination
of prosodic and lexical information. Inspection reveals that the prosodic
models capture language-independent boundary indicators described in the
literature. Finally, cue usage is task and corpus dependent. For example, pause
and pitch features are highly informative for segmenting news speech, whereas
pause, duration and word-based cues dominate for natural conversation.

Approximation and Exactness in Finite State Optimality Theory
Previous work (Frank and Satta 1998; Karttunen, 1998) has shown that
Optimality Theory with gradient constraints generally is not finite state. A
new finite-state treatment of gradient constraints is presented which improves
upon the approximation of Karttunen (1998). The method turns out to be exact,
and very compact, for the syllabification analysis of Prince and Smolensky
(1993).

Finite-State Non-Concatenative Morphotactics
Finite-state morphology in the general tradition of the Two-Level and Xerox
implementations has proved very successful in the production of robust
morphological analyzer-generators, including many large-scale commercial
systems. However, it has long been recognized that these implementations have
serious limitations in handling non-concatenative phenomena. We describe a new
technique for constructing finite-state transducers that involves reapplying
the regular-expression compiler to its own output. Implemented in an algorithm
called compile-replace, this technique has proved useful for handling
non-concatenative phenomena; and we demonstrate it on Malay full-stem
reduplication and Arabic stem interdigitation.

Incremental construction of minimal acyclic finite-state automata
In this paper, we describe a new method for constructing minimal,
deterministic, acyclic finite-state automata from a set of strings. Traditional
methods consist of two phases: the first to construct a trie, the second one to
minimize it. Our approach is to construct a minimal automaton in a single phase
by adding new strings one by one and minimizing the resulting automaton
on-the-fly. We present a general algorithm as well as a specialization that
relies upon the lexicographical ordering of the input strings.

Bootstrapping a Tagged Corpus through Combination of Existing
  Heterogeneous Taggers
This paper describes a new method, Combi-bootstrap, to exploit existing
taggers and lexical resources for the annotation of corpora with new tagsets.
Combi-bootstrap uses existing resources as features for a second level machine
learning module, that is trained to make the mapping to the new tagset on a
very small sample of annotated corpus material. Experiments show that
Combi-bootstrap: i) can integrate a wide variety of existing resources, and ii)
achieves much higher accuracy (up to 44.7 % error reduction) than both the best
single tagger and an ensemble tagger constructed out of the same small training
sample.

ATLAS: A flexible and extensible architecture for linguistic annotation
We describe a formal model for annotating linguistic artifacts, from which we
derive an application programming interface (API) to a suite of tools for
manipulating these annotations. The abstract logical model provides for a range
of storage formats and promotes the reuse of tools that interact through this
API. We focus first on ``Annotation Graphs,'' a graph model for annotations on
linear signals (such as text and speech) indexed by intervals, for which
efficient database storage and querying techniques are applicable. We note how
a wide range of existing annotated corpora can be mapped to this annotation
graph model. This model is then generalized to encompass a wider variety of
linguistic ``signals,'' including both naturally occuring phenomena (as
recorded in images, video, multi-modal interactions, etc.), as well as the
derived resources that are increasingly important to the engineering of natural
language processing systems (such as word lists, dictionaries, aligned
bilingual corpora, etc.). We conclude with a review of the current efforts
towards implementing key pieces of this architecture.

Many uses, many annotations for large speech corpora: Switchboard and
  TDT as case studies
This paper discusses the challenges that arise when large speech corpora
receive an ever-broadening range of diverse and distinct annotations. Two case
studies of this process are presented: the Switchboard Corpus of telephone
conversations and the TDT2 corpus of broadcast news. Switchboard has undergone
two independent transcriptions and various types of additional annotation, all
carried out as separate projects that were dispersed both geographically and
chronologically. The TDT2 corpus has also received a variety of annotations,
but all directly created or managed by a core group. In both cases, issues
arise involving the propagation of repairs, consistency of references, and the
ability to integrate annotations having different formats and levels of detail.
We describe a general framework whereby these issues can be addressed
successfully.

Parameter-free Model of Rank Polysemantic Distribution
A model of rank polysemantic distribution with a minimal number of fitting
parameters is offered. In an ideal case a parameter-free description of the
dependence on the basis of one or several immediate features of the
distribution is possible.

Mapping WordNets Using Structural Information
We present a robust approach for linking already existing lexical/semantic
hierarchies. We used a constraint satisfaction algorithm (relaxation labeling)
to select --among a set of candidates-- the node in a target taxonomy that
bests matches each node in a source taxonomy. In particular, we use it to map
the nominal part of WordNet 1.5 onto WordNet 1.6, with a very high precision
and a very low remaining ambiguity.

Language identification of controlled systems: Modelling, control and
  anomaly detection
Formal language techniques have been used in the past to study autonomous
dynamical systems. However, for controlled systems, new features are needed to
distinguish between information generated by the system and input control. We
show how the modelling framework for controlled dynamical systems leads
naturally to a formulation in terms of context-dependent grammars. A learning
algorithm is proposed for on-line generation of the grammar productions, this
formulation being then used for modelling, control and anomaly detection.
Practical applications are described for electromechanical drives. Grammatical
interpolation techniques yield accurate results and the pattern detection
capabilities of the language-based formulation makes it a promising technique
for the early detection of anomalies or faulty behaviour.

Interfacing Constraint-Based Grammars and Generation Algorithms
Constraint-based grammars can, in principle, serve as the major linguistic
knowledge source for both parsing and generation. Surface generation starts
from input semantics representations that may vary across grammars. For many
declarative grammars, the concept of derivation implicitly built in is that of
parsing. They may thus not be interpretable by a generation algorithm. We show
that linguistically plausible semantic analyses can cause severe problems for
semantic-head-driven approaches for generation (SHDG). We use SeReal, a variant
of SHDG and the DISCO grammar of German as our source of examples. We propose a
new, general approach that explicitly accounts for the interface between the
grammar and the generation algorithm by adding a control-oriented layer to the
linguistic knowledge base that reorganizes the semantics in a way suitable for
generation.

Comparing two trainable grammatical relations finders
Grammatical relationships (GRs) form an important level of natural language
processing, but different sets of GRs are useful for different purposes.
Therefore, one may often only have time to obtain a small training corpus with
the desired GR annotations. On such a small training corpus, we compare two
systems. They use different learning techniques, but we find that this
difference by itself only has a minor effect. A larger factor is that in
English, a different GR length measure appears better suited for finding simple
argument GRs than for finding modifier GRs. We also find that partitioning the
data may help memory-based learning.

More accurate tests for the statistical significance of result
  differences
Statistical significance testing of differences in values of metrics like
recall, precision and balanced F-score is a necessary part of empirical natural
language processing. Unfortunately, we find in a set of experiments that many
commonly used tests often underestimate the significance and so are less likely
to detect differences that exist between different techniques. This
underestimation comes from an independence assumption that is often violated.
We point out some useful tests that do not make this assumption, including
computationally-intensive randomization tests.

Tagger Evaluation Given Hierarchical Tag Sets
We present methods for evaluating human and automatic taggers that extend
current practice in three ways. First, we show how to evaluate taggers that
assign multiple tags to each test instance, even if they do not assign
probabilities. Second, we show how to accommodate a common property of manually
constructed ``gold standards'' that are typically used for objective
evaluation, namely that there is often more than one correct answer. Third, we
show how to measure performance when the set of possible tags is
tree-structured in an IS-A hierarchy. To illustrate how our methods can be used
to measure inter-annotator agreement, we show how to compute the kappa
coefficient over hierarchical tag sets.

Applying System Combination to Base Noun Phrase Identification
We use seven machine learning algorithms for one task: identifying base noun
phrases. The results have been processed by different system combination
methods and all of these outperformed the best individual result. We have
applied the seven learners with the best combinator, a majority vote of the top
five systems, to a standard data set and managed to improve the best published
result for this data set.

Meta-Learning for Phonemic Annotation of Corpora
We apply rule induction, classifier combination and meta-learning (stacked
classifiers) to the problem of bootstrapping high accuracy automatic annotation
of corpora with pronunciation information. The task we address in this paper
consists of generating phonemic representations reflecting the Flemish and
Dutch pronunciations of a word on the basis of its orthographic representation
(which in turn is based on the actual speech recordings). We compare several
possible approaches to achieve the text-to-pronunciation mapping task:
memory-based learning, transformation-based learning, rule induction, maximum
entropy modeling, combination of classifiers in stacked learning, and stacking
of meta-learners. We are interested both in optimal accuracy and in obtaining
insight into the linguistic regularities involved. As far as accuracy is
concerned, an already high accuracy level (93% for Celex and 86% for Fonilex at
word level) for single classifiers is boosted significantly with additional
error reductions of 31% and 38% respectively using combination of classifiers,
and a further 5% using combination of meta-learners, bringing overall word
level accuracy to 96% for the Dutch variant and 92% for the Flemish variant. We
also show that the application of machine learning methods indeed leads to
increased insight into the linguistic regularities determining the variation
between the two pronunciation variants studied.

Aspects of Pattern-Matching in Data-Oriented Parsing
Data-Oriented Parsing (dop) ranks among the best parsing schemes, pairing
state-of-the art parsing accuracy to the psycholinguistic insight that larger
chunks of syntactic structures are relevant grammatical and probabilistic
units. Parsing with the dop-model, however, seems to involve a lot of CPU
cycles and a considerable amount of double work, brought on by the concept of
multiple derivations, which is necessary for probabilistic processing, but
which is not convincingly related to a proper linguistic backbone. It is
however possible to re-interpret the dop-model as a pattern-matching model,
which tries to maximize the size of the substructures that construct the parse,
rather than the probability of the parse. By emphasizing this memory-based
aspect of the dop-model, it is possible to do away with multiple derivations,
opening up possibilities for efficient Viterbi-style optimizations, while still
retaining acceptable parsing accuracy through enhanced context-sensitivity.

Temiar Reduplication in One-Level Prosodic Morphology
Temiar reduplication is a difficult piece of prosodic morphology. This paper
presents the first computational analysis of Temiar reduplication, using the
novel finite-state approach of One-Level Prosodic Morphology originally
developed by Walther (1999b, 2000). After reviewing both the data and the basic
tenets of One-level Prosodic Morphology, the analysis is laid out in some
detail, using the notation of the FSA Utilities finite-state toolkit (van Noord
1997). One important discovery is that in this approach one can easily define a
regular expression operator which ambiguously scans a string in the left- or
rightward direction for a certain prosodic property. This yields an elegant
account of base-length-dependent triggering of reduplication as found in
Temiar.

Efficient probabilistic top-down and left-corner parsing
This paper examines efficient predictive broad-coverage parsing without
dynamic programming. In contrast to bottom-up methods, depth-first top-down
parsing produces partial parses that are fully connected trees spanning the
entire left context, from which any kind of non-local dependency or partial
semantic interpretation can in principle be read. We contrast two predictive
parsing approaches, top-down and left-corner parsing, and find both to be
viable. In addition, we find that enhancement with non-local information not
only improves parser accuracy, but also substantially improves the search
efficiency.

Compact non-left-recursive grammars using the selective left-corner
  transform and factoring
The left-corner transform removes left-recursion from (probabilistic)
context-free grammars and unification grammars, permitting simple top-down
parsing techniques to be used. Unfortunately the grammars produced by the
standard left-corner transform are usually much larger than the original. The
selective left-corner transform described in this paper produces a transformed
grammar which simulates left-corner recognition of a user-specified set of the
original productions, and top-down recognition of the others. Combined with two
factorizations, it produces non-left-recursive grammars that are not much
larger than the original.

Selectional Restrictions in HPSG
Selectional restrictions are semantic sortal constraints imposed on the
participants of linguistic constructions to capture contextually-dependent
constraints on interpretation. Despite their limitations, selectional
restrictions have proven very useful in natural language applications, where
they have been used frequently in word sense disambiguation, syntactic
disambiguation, and anaphora resolution. Given their practical value, we
explore two methods to incorporate selectional restrictions in the HPSG theory,
assuming that the reader is familiar with HPSG. The first method employs HPSG's
Background feature and a constraint-satisfaction component pipe-lined after the
parser. The second method uses subsorts of referential indices, and blocks
readings that violate selectional restrictions during parsing. While
theoretically less satisfactory, we have found the second method particularly
useful in the development of practical systems.

Estimation of Stochastic Attribute-Value Grammars using an Informative
  Sample
We argue that some of the computational complexity associated with estimation
of stochastic attribute-value grammars can be reduced by training upon an
informative subset of the full training set. Results using the parsed Wall
Street Journal corpus show that in some circumstances, it is possible to obtain
better estimation results using an informative sample than when training upon
all the available material. Further experimentation demonstrates that with
unlexicalised models, a Gaussian Prior can reduce overfitting. However, when
models are lexicalised and contain overlapping features, overfitting does not
seem to be a problem, and a Gaussian Prior makes minimal difference to
performance. Our approach is applicable for situations when there are an
infeasibly large number of parses in the training set, or else for when
recovery of these parses from a packed representation is itself computationally
expensive.

Noun-phrase co-occurrence statistics for semi-automatic semantic lexicon
  construction
Generating semantic lexicons semi-automatically could be a great time saver,
relative to creating them by hand. In this paper, we present an algorithm for
extracting potential entries for a category from an on-line corpus, based upon
a small set of exemplars. Our algorithm finds more correct terms and fewer
incorrect ones than previous work in this area. Additionally, the entries that
are generated potentially provide broader coverage of the category than would
occur to an individual coding them by hand. Our algorithm finds many terms not
included within Wordnet (many more than previous algorithms), and could be
viewed as an ``enhancer'' of existing broad-coverage resources.

Measuring efficiency in high-accuracy, broad-coverage statistical
  parsing
Very little attention has been paid to the comparison of efficiency between
high accuracy statistical parsers. This paper proposes one machine-independent
metric that is general enough to allow comparisons across very different
parsing architectures. This metric, which we call ``events considered'',
measures the number of ``events'', however they are defined for a particular
parser, for which a probability must be calculated, in order to find the parse.
It is applicable to single-pass or multi-stage parsers. We discuss the
advantages of the metric, and demonstrate its usefulness by using it to compare
two parsers which differ in several fundamental ways.

Estimators for Stochastic ``Unification-Based'' Grammars
Log-linear models provide a statistically sound framework for Stochastic
``Unification-Based'' Grammars (SUBGs) and stochastic versions of other kinds
of grammars. We describe two computationally-tractable ways of estimating the
parameters of such grammars from a training corpus of syntactic analyses, and
apply these to estimate a stochastic version of Lexical-Functional Grammar.

Exploiting auxiliary distributions in stochastic unification-based
  grammars
This paper describes a method for estimating conditional probability
distributions over the parses of ``unification-based'' grammars which can
utilize auxiliary distributions that are estimated by other means. We show how
this can be used to incorporate information about lexical selectional
preferences gathered from other sources into Stochastic ``Unification-based''
Grammars (SUBGs). While we apply this estimator to a Stochastic
Lexical-Functional Grammar, the method is general, and should be applicable to
stochastic versions of HPSGs, categorial grammars and transformational
grammars.

Metonymy Interpretation Using X NO Y Examples
We developed on example-based method of metonymy interpretation. One
advantages of this method is that a hand-built database of metonymy is not
necessary because it instead uses examples in the form ``Noun X no Noun Y (Noun
Y of Noun X).'' Another advantage is that we will be able to interpret
newly-coined metonymic sentences by using a new corpus. We experimented with
metonymy interpretation and obtained a precision rate of 66% when using this
method.

Bunsetsu Identification Using Category-Exclusive Rules
This paper describes two new bunsetsu identification methods using supervised
learning. Since Japanese syntactic analysis is usually done after bunsetsu
identification, bunsetsu identification is important for analyzing Japanese
sentences. In experiments comparing the four previously available
machine-learning methods (decision tree, maximum-entropy method, example-based
approach and decision list) and two new methods using category-exclusive rules,
the new method using the category-exclusive rules with the highest similarity
performed best.

Japanese Probabilistic Information Retrieval Using Location and Category
  Information
Robertson's 2-poisson information retrieve model does not use location and
category information. We constructed a framework using location and category
information in a 2-poisson model. We submitted two systems based on this
framework to the IREX contest, Japanese language information retrieval contest
held in Japan in 1999. For precision in the A-judgement measure they scored
0.4926 and 0.4827, the highest values among the 15 teams and 22 systems that
participated in the IREX contest. We describe our systems and the comparative
experiments done when various parameters were changed. These experiments
confirmed the effectiveness of using location and category information.

Temporal Expressions in Japanese-to-English Machine Translation
This paper describes in outline a method for translating Japanese temporal
expressions into English. We argue that temporal expressions form a special
subset of language that is best handled as a special module in machine
translation. The paper deals with problems of lexical idiosyncrasy as well as
the choice of articles and prepositions within temporal expressions. In
addition temporal expressions are considered as parts of larger structures, and
the question of whether to translate them as noun phrases or adverbials is
addressed.

Lexicalized Stochastic Modeling of Constraint-Based Grammars using
  Log-Linear Measures and EM Training
We present a new approach to stochastic modeling of constraint-based grammars
that is based on log-linear models and uses EM for estimation from unannotated
data. The techniques are applied to an LFG grammar for German. Evaluation on an
exact match task yields 86% precision for an ambiguity rate of 5.4, and 90%
precision on a subcat frame match for an ambiguity rate of 25. Experimental
comparison to training from a parsebank shows a 10% gain from EM training.
Also, a new class-based grammar lexicalization is presented, showing a 10% gain
over unlexicalized models.

Using a Probabilistic Class-Based Lexicon for Lexical Ambiguity
  Resolution
This paper presents the use of probabilistic class-based lexica for
disambiguation in target-word selection. Our method employs minimal but precise
contextual information for disambiguation. That is, only information provided
by the target-verb, enriched by the condensed information of a probabilistic
class-based lexicon, is used. Induction of classes and fine-tuning to verbal
arguments is done in an unsupervised manner by EM-based clustering techniques.
The method shows promising results in an evaluation on real-world translations.

Probabilistic Constraint Logic Programming. Formal Foundations of
  Quantitative and Statistical Inference in Constraint-Based Natural Language
  Processing
In this thesis, we present two approaches to a rigorous mathematical and
algorithmic foundation of quantitative and statistical inference in
constraint-based natural language processing. The first approach, called
quantitative constraint logic programming, is conceptualized in a clear logical
framework, and presents a sound and complete system of quantitative inference
for definite clauses annotated with subjective weights. This approach combines
a rigorous formal semantics for quantitative inference based on subjective
weights with efficient weight-based pruning for constraint-based systems. The
second approach, called probabilistic constraint logic programming, introduces
a log-linear probability distribution on the proof trees of a constraint logic
program and an algorithm for statistical inference of the parameters and
properties of such probability models from incomplete, i.e., unparsed data. The
possibility of defining arbitrary properties of proof trees as properties of
the log-linear probability model and efficiently estimating appropriate
parameter values for them permits the probabilistic modeling of arbitrary
context-dependencies in constraint logic programs. The usefulness of these
ideas is evaluated empirically in a small-scale experiment on finding the
correct parses of a constraint-based grammar. In addition, we address the
problem of computational intractability of the calculation of expectations in
the inference task and present various techniques to approximately solve this
task. Moreover, we present an approximate heuristic technique for searching for
the most probable analysis in probabilistic constraint logic programs.

Automatic Extraction of Subcategorization Frames for Czech
We present some novel machine learning techniques for the identification of
subcategorization information for verbs in Czech. We compare three different
statistical techniques applied to this problem. We show how the learning
algorithm can be used to discover previously unknown subcategorization frames
from the Czech Prague Dependency Treebank. The algorithm can then be used to
label dependents of a verb in the Czech treebank as either arguments or
adjuncts. Using our techniques, we ar able to achieve 88% precision on unseen
parsed text.

Introduction to the CoNLL-2000 Shared Task: Chunking
We describe the CoNLL-2000 shared task: dividing text into syntactically
related non-overlapping groups of words, so-called text chunking. We give
background information on the data sets, present a general overview of the
systems that have taken part in the shared task and briefly discuss their
performance.

Anaphora Resolution in Japanese Sentences Using Surface Expressions and
  Examples
Anaphora resolution is one of the major problems in natural language
processing. It is also one of the important tasks in machine translation and
man/machine dialogue. We solve the problem by using surface expressions and
examples. Surface expressions are the words in sentences which provide clues
for anaphora resolution. Examples are linguistic data which are actually used
in conversations and texts. The method using surface expressions and examples
is a practical method. This thesis handles almost all kinds of anaphora: i. The
referential property and number of a noun phrase ii. Noun phrase direct
anaphora iii. Noun phrase indirect anaphora iv. Pronoun anaphora v. Verb phrase
ellipsis

A Tableaux Calculus for Ambiguous Quantification
Coping with ambiguity has recently received a lot of attention in natural
language processing. Most work focuses on the semantic representation of
ambiguous expressions. In this paper we complement this work in two ways.
First, we provide an entailment relation for a language with ambiguous
expressions. Second, we give a sound and complete tableaux calculus for
reasoning with statements involving ambiguous quantification. The calculus
interleaves partial disambiguation steps with steps in a traditional deductive
process, so as to minimize and postpone branching in the proof process, and
thereby increases its efficiency.

Parsing with the Shortest Derivation
Common wisdom has it that the bias of stochastic grammars in favor of shorter
derivations of a sentence is harmful and should be redressed. We show that the
common wisdom is wrong for stochastic grammars that use elementary trees
instead of context-free rules, such as Stochastic Tree-Substitution Grammars
used by Data-Oriented Parsing models. For such grammars a non-probabilistic
metric based on the shortest derivation outperforms a probabilistic metric on
the ATIS and OVIS corpora, while it obtains very competitive results on the
Wall Street Journal corpus. This paper also contains the first published
experiments with DOP on the Wall Street Journal.

An improved parser for data-oriented lexical-functional analysis
We present an LFG-DOP parser which uses fragments from LFG-annotated
sentences to parse new sentences. Experiments with the Verbmobil and Homecentre
corpora show that (1) Viterbi n best search performs about 100 times faster
than Monte Carlo search while both achieve the same accuracy; (2) the DOP
hypothesis which states that parse accuracy increases with increasing fragment
size is confirmed for LFG-DOP; (3) LFG-DOP's relative frequency estimator
performs worse than a discounted frequency estimator; and (4) LFG-DOP
significantly outperforms Tree-DOP is evaluated on tree structures only.

Finding consensus in speech recognition: word error minimization and
  other applications of confusion networks
We describe a new framework for distilling information from word lattices to
improve the accuracy of speech recognition and obtain a more perspicuous
representation of a set of alternative hypotheses. In the standard MAP decoding
approach the recognizer outputs the string of words corresponding to the path
with the highest posterior probability given the acoustics and a language
model. However, even given optimal models, the MAP decoder does not necessarily
minimize the commonly used performance metric, word error rate (WER). We
describe a method for explicitly minimizing WER by extracting word hypotheses
with the highest posterior probabilities from word lattices. We change the
standard problem formulation by replacing global search over a large set of
sentence hypotheses with local search over a small set of word candidates. In
addition to improving the accuracy of the recognizer, our method produces a new
representation of the set of candidate hypotheses that specifies the sequence
of word-level confusions in a compact lattice format. We study the properties
of confusion networks and examine their use for other tasks, such as lattice
compression, word spotting, confidence annotation, and reevaluation of
recognition hypotheses using higher-level knowledge sources.

Using existing systems to supplement small amounts of annotated
  grammatical relations training data
Grammatical relationships (GRs) form an important level of natural language
processing, but different sets of GRs are useful for different purposes.
Therefore, one may often only have time to obtain a small training corpus with
the desired GR annotations. To boost the performance from using such a small
training corpus on a transformation rule learner, we use existing systems that
find related types of annotations.

Exploring automatic word sense disambiguation with decision lists and
  the Web
The most effective paradigm for word sense disambiguation, supervised
learning, seems to be stuck because of the knowledge acquisition bottleneck. In
this paper we take an in-depth study of the performance of decision lists on
two publicly available corpora and an additional corpus automatically acquired
from the Web, using the fine-grained highly polysemous senses in WordNet.
Decision lists are shown a versatile state-of-the-art technique. The
experiments reveal, among other facts, that SemCor can be an acceptable (0.7
precision for polysemous words) starting point for an all-words system. The
results on the DSO corpus show that for some highly polysemous words 0.7
precision seems to be the current state-of-the-art limit. On the other hand,
independently constructed hand-tagged corpora are not mutually useful, and a
corpus automatically acquired from the Web is shown to fail.

Extraction of semantic relations from a Basque monolingual dictionary
  using Constraint Grammar
This paper deals with the exploitation of dictionaries for the semi-automatic
construction of lexicons and lexical knowledge bases. The final goal of our
research is to enrich the Basque Lexical Database with semantic information
such as senses, definitions, semantic relations, etc., extracted from a Basque
monolingual dictionary. The work here presented focuses on the extraction of
the semantic relations that best characterise the headword, that is, those of
synonymy, antonymy, hypernymy, and other relations marked by specific relators
and derivation. All nominal, verbal and adjectival entries were treated. Basque
uses morphological inflection to mark case, and therefore semantic relations
have to be inferred from suffixes rather than from prepositions. Our approach
combines a morphological analyser and surface syntax parsing (based on
Constraint Grammar), and has proven very successful for highly inflected
languages such as Basque. Both the effort to write the rules and the actual
processing time of the dictionary have been very low. At present we have
extracted 42,533 relations, leaving only 2,943 (9%) definitions without any
extracted relation. The error rate is extremely low, as only 2.2% of the
extracted relations are wrong.

Enriching very large ontologies using the WWW
This paper explores the possibility to exploit text on the world wide web in
order to enrich the concepts in existing ontologies. First, a method to
retrieve documents from the WWW related to a concept is described. These
document collections are used 1) to construct topic signatures (lists of
topically related words) for each concept in WordNet, and 2) to build
hierarchical clusters of the concepts (the word senses) that lexicalize a given
word. The overall goal is to overcome two shortcomings of WordNet: the lack of
topical links among concepts, and the proliferation of senses. Topic signatures
are validated on a word sense disambiguation task with good results, which are
improved when the hierarchical clusters are used.

One Sense per Collocation and Genre/Topic Variations
This paper revisits the one sense per collocation hypothesis using
fine-grained sense distinctions and two different corpora. We show that the
hypothesis is weaker for fine-grained sense distinctions (70% vs. 99% reported
earlier on 2-way ambiguities). We also show that one sense per collocation does
hold across corpora, but that collocations vary from one corpus to the other,
following genre and topic variations. This explains the low results when
performing word sense disambiguation across corpora. In fact, we demonstrate
that when two independent corpora share a related genre/topic, the word sense
disambiguation results would be better. Future work on word sense
disambiguation will have to take into account genre and topic as important
parameters on their models.

Reduction of Intermediate Alphabets in Finite-State Transducer Cascades
This article describes an algorithm for reducing the intermediate alphabets
in cascades of finite-state transducers (FSTs). Although the method modifies
the component FSTs, there is no change in the overall relation described by the
whole cascade. No additional information or special algorithm, that could
decelerate the processing of input, is required at runtime. Two examples from
Natural Language Processing are used to illustrate the effect of the algorithm
on the sizes of the FSTs and their alphabets. With some FSTs the number of arcs
and symbols shrank considerably.

Utilizing the World Wide Web as an Encyclopedia: Extracting Term
  Descriptions from Semi-Structured Texts
In this paper, we propose a method to extract descriptions of technical terms
from Web pages in order to utilize the World Wide Web as an encyclopedia. We
use linguistic patterns and HTML text structures to extract text fragments
containing term descriptions. We also use a language model to discard
extraneous descriptions, and a clustering method to summarize resultant
descriptions. We show the effectiveness of our method by way of experiments.

A Novelty-based Evaluation Method for Information Retrieval
In information retrieval research, precision and recall have long been used
to evaluate IR systems. However, given that a number of retrieval systems
resembling one another are already available to the public, it is valuable to
retrieve novel relevant documents, i.e., documents that cannot be retrieved by
those existing systems. In view of this problem, we propose an evaluation
method that favors systems retrieving as many novel documents as possible. We
also used our method to evaluate systems that participated in the IREX
workshop.

Applying Machine Translation to Two-Stage Cross-Language Information
  Retrieval
Cross-language information retrieval (CLIR), where queries and documents are
in different languages, needs a translation of queries and/or documents, so as
to standardize both of them into a common representation. For this purpose, the
use of machine translation is an effective approach. However, computational
cost is prohibitive in translating large-scale document collections. To resolve
this problem, we propose a two-stage CLIR method. First, we translate a given
query into the document language, and retrieve a limited number of foreign
documents. Second, we machine translate only those documents into the user
language, and re-rank them based on the translation result. We also show the
effectiveness of our method by way of experiments using Japanese queries and
English technical documents.

The Use of Instrumentation in Grammar Engineering
This paper explores the usefulness of a technique from software engineering,
code instrumentation, for the development of large-scale natural language
grammars. Information about the usage of grammar rules in test and corpus
sentences is used to improve grammar and testsuite, as well as adapting a
grammar to a specific genre. Results show that less than half of a
large-coverage grammar for German is actually tested by two large testsuites,
and that 10--30% of testing time is redundant. This methodology applied can be
seen as a re-use of grammar writing knowledge for testsuite compilation.

Semantic interpretation of temporal information by abductive inference
Besides temporal information explicitly available in verbs and adjuncts, the
temporal interpretation of a text also depends on general world knowledge and
default assumptions. We will present a theory for describing the relation
between, on the one hand, verbs, their tenses and adjuncts and, on the other,
the eventualities and periods of time they represent and their relative
temporal locations.
  The theory is formulated in logic and is a practical implementation of the
concepts described in Ness Schelkens et al. We will show how an abductive
resolution procedure can be used on this representation to extract temporal
information from texts.

Abductive reasoning with temporal information
Texts in natural language contain a lot of temporal information, both
explicit and implicit. Verbs and temporal adjuncts carry most of the explicit
information, but for a full understanding general world knowledge and default
assumptions have to be taken into account. We will present a theory for
describing the relation between, on the one hand, verbs, their tenses and
adjuncts and, on the other, the eventualities and periods of time they
represent and their relative temporal locations, while allowing interaction
with general world knowledge.
  The theory is formulated in an extension of first order logic and is a
practical implementation of the concepts described in Van Eynde 2001 and
Schelkens et al. 2000. We will show how an abductive resolution procedure can
be used on this representation to extract temporal information from texts. The
theory presented here is an extension of that in Verdoolaege et al. 2000,
adapted to VanEynde 2001, with a simplified and extended analysis of adjuncts
and with more emphasis on how a model can be constructed.

Do All Fragments Count?
We aim at finding the minimal set of fragments which achieves maximal parse
accuracy in Data Oriented Parsing. Experiments with the Penn Wall Street
Journal treebank show that counts of almost arbitrary fragments within parse
trees are important, leading to improved parse accuracy over previous models
tested on this treebank. We isolate a number of dependency relations which
previous models neglect but which contribute to higher parse accuracy.

Multi-Syllable Phonotactic Modelling
This paper describes a novel approach to constructing phonotactic models. The
underlying theoretical approach to phonological description is the
multisyllable approach in which multiple syllable classes are defined that
reflect phonotactically idiosyncratic syllable subcategories. A new
finite-state formalism, OFS Modelling, is used as a tool for encoding,
automatically constructing and generalising phonotactic descriptions.
Language-independent prototype models are constructed which are instantiated on
the basis of data sets of phonological strings, and generalised with a
clustering algorithm. The resulting approach enables the automatic construction
of phonotactic models that encode arbitrarily close approximations of a
language's set of attested phonological forms. The approach is applied to the
construction of multi-syllable word-level phonotactic models for German,
English and Dutch.

Taking Primitive Optimality Theory Beyond the Finite State
Primitive Optimality Theory (OTP) (Eisner, 1997a; Albro, 1998), a
computational model of Optimality Theory (Prince and Smolensky, 1993), employs
a finite state machine to represent the set of active candidates at each stage
of an Optimality Theoretic derivation, as well as weighted finite state
machines to represent the constraints themselves. For some purposes, however,
it would be convenient if the set of candidates were limited by some set of
criteria capable of being described only in a higher-level grammar formalism,
such as a Context Free Grammar, a Context Sensitive Grammar, or a Multiple
Context Free Grammar (Seki et al., 1991). Examples include reduplication and
phrasal stress models. Here we introduce a mechanism for OTP-like Optimality
Theory in which the constraints remain weighted finite state machines, but sets
of candidates are represented by higher-level grammars. In particular, we use
multiple context-free grammars to model reduplication in the manner of
Correspondence Theory (McCarthy and Prince, 1995), and develop an extended
version of the Earley Algorithm (Earley, 1970) to apply the constraints to a
reduplicating candidate set.

Finite-State Phonology: Proceedings of the 5th Workshop of the ACL
  Special Interest Group in Computational Phonology (SIGPHON)
Home page of the workshop proceedings, with pointers to the individually
archived papers. Includes front matter from the printed version of the
proceedings.

Mathematical Model of Word Length on the Basis of the Cebanov-Fucks
  Distribution with Uniform Parameter Distribution
The data on 13 typologically different languages have been processed using a
two-parameter word length model, based on 1-displaced uniform Poisson
distribution. Statistical dependencies of the 2nd parameter on the 1st one are
revealed for the German texts and genre of letters.

Two-parameter Model of Word Length "Language - Genre"
A two-parameter model of word length measured by the number of syllables
comprising it is proposed. The first parameter is dependent on language type,
the second one - on text genre and reflects the degree of completion of
synergetic processes of language optimization.

Magical Number Seven Plus or Minus Two: Syntactic Structure Recognition
  in Japanese and English Sentences
George A. Miller said that human beings have only seven chunks in short-term
memory, plus or minus two. We counted the number of bunsetsus (phrases) whose
modifiees are undetermined in each step of an analysis of the dependency
structure of Japanese sentences, and which therefore must be stored in
short-term memory. The number was roughly less than nine, the upper bound of
seven plus or minus two. We also obtained similar results with English
sentences under the assumption that human beings recognize a series of words,
such as a noun phrase (NP), as a unit. This indicates that if we assume that
the human cognitive units in Japanese and English are bunsetsu and NP
respectively, analysis will support Miller's $7 \pm 2$ theory.

A Machine-Learning Approach to Estimating the Referential Properties of
  Japanese Noun Phrases
The referential properties of noun phrases in the Japanese language, which
has no articles, are useful for article generation in Japanese-English machine
translation and for anaphora resolution in Japanese noun phrases. They are
generally classified as generic noun phrases, definite noun phrases, and
indefinite noun phrases. In the previous work, referential properties were
estimated by developing rules that used clue words. If two or more rules were
in conflict with each other, the category having the maximum total score given
by the rules was selected as the desired category. The score given by each rule
was established by hand, so the manpower cost was high. In this work, we
automatically adjusted these scores by using a machine-learning method and
succeeded in reducing the amount of manpower needed to adjust these scores.

Meaning Sort - Three examples: dictionary construction, tagged corpus
  construction, and information presentation system
It is often useful to sort words into an order that reflects relations among
their meanings as obtained by using a thesaurus. In this paper, we introduce a
method of arranging words semantically by using several types of `{\sf is-a}'
thesauri and a multi-dimensional thesaurus. We also describe three major
applications where a meaning sort is useful and show the effectiveness of a
meaning sort. Since there is no doubt that a word list in meaning-order is
easier to use than a word list in some random order, a meaning sort, which can
easily produce a word list in meaning-order, must be useful and effective.

CRL at Ntcir2
We have developed systems of two types for NTCIR2. One is an enhenced version
of the system we developed for NTCIR1 and IREX. It submitted retrieval results
for JJ and CC tasks. A variety of parameters were tried with the system. It
used such characteristics of newspapers as locational information in the CC
tasks. The system got good results for both of the tasks. The other system is a
portable system which avoids free parameters as much as possible. The system
submitted retrieval results for JJ, JE, EE, EJ, and CC tasks. The system
automatically determined the number of top documents and the weight of the
original query used in automatic-feedback retrieval. It also determined
relevant terms quite robustly. For EJ and JE tasks, it used document expansion
to augment the initial queries. It achieved good results, except on the CC
tasks.

A Decision Tree of Bigrams is an Accurate Predictor of Word Sense
This paper presents a corpus-based approach to word sense disambiguation
where a decision tree assigns a sense to an ambiguous word based on the bigrams
that occur nearby. This approach is evaluated using the sense-tagged corpora
from the 1998 SENSEVAL word sense disambiguation exercise. It is more accurate
than the average results reported for 30 of 36 words, and is more accurate than
the best results for 19 of 36 words.

Type Arithmetics: Computation based on the theory of types
The present paper shows meta-programming turn programming, which is rich
enough to express arbitrary arithmetic computations. We demonstrate a type
system that implements Peano arithmetics, slightly generalized to negative
numbers. Certain types in this system denote numerals. Arithmetic operations on
such types-numerals - addition, subtraction, and even division - are expressed
as type reduction rules executed by a compiler. A remarkable trait is that
division by zero becomes a type error - and reported as such by a compiler.

Dynamic Nonlocal Language Modeling via Hierarchical Topic-Based
  Adaptation
This paper presents a novel method of generating and applying hierarchical,
dynamic topic-based language models. It proposes and evaluates new cluster
generation, hierarchical smoothing and adaptive topic-probability estimation
techniques. These combined models help capture long-distance lexical
dependencies. Experiments on the Broadcast News corpus show significant
improvement in perplexity (10.5% overall and 33.5% on target vocabulary).

Microplanning with Communicative Intentions: The SPUD System
The process of microplanning encompasses a range of problems in Natural
Language Generation (NLG), such as referring expression generation, lexical
choice, and aggregation, problems in which a generator must bridge underlying
domain-specific representations and general linguistic representations. In this
paper, we describe a uniform approach to microplanning based on declarative
representations of a generator's communicative intent. These representations
describe the results of NLG: communicative intent associates the concrete
linguistic structure planned by the generator with inferences that show how the
meaning of that structure communicates needed information about some
application domain in the current discourse context. Our approach, implemented
in the SPUD (sentence planning using description) microplanner, uses the
lexicalized tree-adjoining grammar formalism (LTAG) to connect structure to
meaning and uses modal logic programming to connect meaning to context. At the
same time, communicative intent representations provide a resource for the
process of NLG. Using representations of communicative intent, a generator can
augment the syntax, semantics and pragmatics of an incomplete sentence
simultaneously, and can assess its progress on the various problems of
microplanning incrementally. The declarative formulation of communicative
intent translates into a well-defined methodology for designing grammatical and
conceptual resources which the generator can use to achieve desired
microplanning behavior in a specified domain.

Correction of Errors in a Modality Corpus Used for Machine Translation
  by Using Machine-learning Method
We performed corpus correction on a modality corpus for machine translation
by using such machine-learning methods as the maximum-entropy method. We thus
constructed a high-quality modality corpus based on corpus correction. We
compared several kinds of methods for corpus correction in our experiments and
developed a good method for corpus correction.

Man [and Woman] vs. Machine: A Case Study in Base Noun Phrase Learning
A great deal of work has been done demonstrating the ability of machine
learning algorithms to automatically extract linguistic knowledge from
annotated corpora. Very little work has gone into quantifying the difference in
ability at this task between a person and a machine. This paper is a first step
in that direction.

A Complete WordNet1.5 to WordNet1.6 Mapping
We describe a robust approach for linking already existing lexical/semantic
hierarchies. We use a constraint satisfaction algorithm (relaxation labelling)
to select --among a set of candidates-- the node in a target taxonomy that
bests matches each node in a source taxonomy. In this paper we present the
complete mapping of the nominal, verbal, adjectival and adverbial parts of
WordNet 1.5 onto WordNet 1.6.

Joint and conditional estimation of tagging and parsing models
This paper compares two different ways of estimating statistical language
models. Many statistical NLP tagging and parsing models are estimated by
maximizing the (joint) likelihood of the fully-observed training data. However,
since these applications only require the conditional probability
distributions, these distributions can in principle be learnt by maximizing the
conditional likelihood of the training data. Perhaps somewhat surprisingly,
models estimated by maximizing the joint were superior to models estimated by
maximizing the conditional, even though some of the latter models intuitively
had access to ``more information''.

Probabilistic top-down parsing and language modeling
This paper describes the functioning of a broad-coverage probabilistic
top-down parser, and its application to the problem of language modeling for
speech recognition. The paper first introduces key notions in language modeling
and probabilistic parsing, and briefly reviews some previous approaches to
using syntactic structure for language modeling. A lexicalized probabilistic
top-down parser is then presented, which performs very well, in terms of both
the accuracy of returned parses and the efficiency with which they are found,
relative to the best broad-coverage statistical parsers. A new language model
which utilizes probabilistic top-down parsing is then outlined, and empirical
results show that it improves upon previous work in test corpus perplexity.
Interpolation with a trigram model yields an exceptional improvement relative
to the improvement observed by other models, demonstrating the degree to which
the information captured by our parsing model is orthogonal to that captured by
a trigram model. A small recognition experiment also demonstrates the utility
of the model.

Robust Probabilistic Predictive Syntactic Processing
This thesis presents a broad-coverage probabilistic top-down parser, and its
application to the problem of language modeling for speech recognition. The
parser builds fully connected derivations incrementally, in a single pass from
left-to-right across the string. We argue that the parsing approach that we
have adopted is well-motivated from a psycholinguistic perspective, as a model
that captures probabilistic dependencies between lexical items, as part of the
process of building connected syntactic structures. The basic parser and
conditional probability models are presented, and empirical results are
provided for its parsing accuracy on both newspaper text and spontaneous
telephone conversations. Modifications to the probability model are presented
that lead to improved performance. A new language model which uses the output
of the parser is then defined. Perplexity and word error rate reduction are
demonstrated over trigram models, even when the trigram is trained on
significantly more data. Interpolation on a word-by-word basis with a trigram
model yields additional improvements.

Generating a 3D Simulation of a Car Accident from a Written Description
  in Natural Language: the CarSim System
This paper describes a prototype system to visualize and animate 3D scenes
from car accident reports, written in French. The problem of generating such a
3D simulation can be divided into two subtasks: the linguistic analysis and the
virtual scene generation. As a means of communication between these two
modules, we first designed a template formalism to represent a written accident
report. The CarSim system first processes written reports, gathers relevant
information, and converts it into a formal description. Then, it creates the
corresponding 3D scene and animates the vehicles.

Historical Dynamics of Lexical System as Random Walk Process
It is offered to consider word meanings changes in diachrony as
semicontinuous random walk with reflecting and swallowing screens. The basic
characteristics of word life cycle are defined. Verification of the model has
been realized on the data of Russian words distribution on various age periods.

Integrating Prosodic and Lexical Cues for Automatic Topic Segmentation
We present a probabilistic model that uses both prosodic and lexical cues for
the automatic segmentation of speech into topically coherent units. We propose
two methods for combining lexical and prosodic information using hidden Markov
models and decision trees. Lexical information is obtained from a speech
recognizer, and prosodic features are extracted automatically from speech
waveforms. We evaluate our approach on the Broadcast News corpus, using the
DARPA-TDT evaluation metrics. Results show that the prosodic model alone is
competitive with word-based segmentation methods. Furthermore, we achieve a
significant reduction in error by combining the prosodic and word-based
knowledge sources.

Organizing Encyclopedic Knowledge based on the Web and its Application
  to Question Answering
We propose a method to generate large-scale encyclopedic knowledge, which is
valuable for much NLP research, based on the Web. We first search the Web for
pages containing a term in question. Then we use linguistic patterns and HTML
structures to extract text fragments describing the term. Finally, we organize
extracted term descriptions based on word senses and domains. In addition, we
apply an automatically generated encyclopedia to a question answering system
targeting the Japanese Information-Technology Engineers Examination.

Using the Distribution of Performance for Studying Statistical NLP
  Systems and Corpora
Statistical NLP systems are frequently evaluated and compared on the basis of
their performances on a single split of training and test data. Results
obtained using a single split are, however, subject to sampling noise. In this
paper we argue in favour of reporting a distribution of performance figures,
obtained by resampling the training data, rather than a single number. The
additional information from distributions can be used to make statistically
quantified statements about differences across parameter settings, systems, and
corpora.

Modeling informational novelty in a conversational system with a hybrid
  statistical and grammar-based approach to natural language generation
We present a hybrid statistical and grammar-based system for surface natural
language generation (NLG) that uses grammar rules, conditions on using those
grammar rules, and corpus statistics to determine the word order. We also
describe how this surface NLG module is implemented in a prototype
conversational system, and how it attempts to model informational novelty by
varying the word order. Using a combination of rules and statistical
information, the conversational system expresses the novel information
differently than the given information, based on the run-time dialog state. We
also discuss our plans for evaluating the generation strategy.

The Role of Conceptual Relations in Word Sense Disambiguation
We explore many ways of using conceptual distance measures in Word Sense
Disambiguation, starting with the Agirre-Rigau conceptual density measure. We
use a generalized form of this measure, introducing many (parameterized)
refinements and performing an exhaustive evaluation of all meaningful
combinations. We finally obtain a 42% improvement over the original algorithm,
and show that measures of conceptual distance are not worse indicators for
sense disambiguation than measures based on word-coocurrence (exemplified by
the Lesk algorithm). Our results, however, reinforce the idea that only a
combination of different sources of knowledge might eventually lead to accurate
word sense disambiguation.

Looking Under the Hood : Tools for Diagnosing your Question Answering
  Engine
In this paper we analyze two question answering tasks : the TREC-8 question
answering task and a set of reading comprehension exams. First, we show that
Q/A systems perform better when there are multiple answer opportunities per
question. Next, we analyze common approaches to two subproblems: term overlap
for answer sentence identification, and answer typing for short answer
extraction. We present general tools for analyzing the strengths and
limitations of techniques for these subproblems. Our results quantify the
limitations of both term overlap and answer typing to distinguish between
competing answer candidates.

Introduction to the CoNLL-2001 Shared Task: Clause Identification
We describe the CoNLL-2001 shared task: dividing text into clauses. We give
background information on the data sets, present a general overview of the
systems that have taken part in the shared task and briefly discuss their
performance.

Learning Computational Grammars
This paper reports on the "Learning Computational Grammars" (LCG) project, a
postdoc network devoted to studying the application of machine learning
techniques to grammars suitable for computational use. We were interested in a
more systematic survey to understand the relevance of many factors to the
success of learning, esp. the availability of annotated data, the kind of
dependencies in the data, and the availability of knowledge bases (grammars).
We focused on syntax, esp. noun phrase (NP) syntax.

Combining a self-organising map with memory-based learning
Memory-based learning (MBL) has enjoyed considerable success in corpus-based
natural language processing (NLP) tasks and is thus a reliable method of
getting a high-level of performance when building corpus-based NLP systems.
However there is a bottleneck in MBL whereby any novel testing item has to be
compared against all the training items in memory base. For this reason there
has been some interest in various forms of memory editing whereby some method
of selecting a subset of the memory base is employed to reduce the number of
comparisons. This paper investigates the use of a modified self-organising map
(SOM) to select a subset of the memory items for comparison. This method
involves reducing the number of comparisons to a value proportional to the
square root of the number of training items. The method is tested on the
identification of base noun-phrases in the Wall Street Journal corpus, using
sections 15 to 18 for training and section 20 for testing.

Applying Natural Language Generation to Indicative Summarization
The task of creating indicative summaries that help a searcher decide whether
to read a particular document is a difficult task. This paper examines the
indicative summarization task from a generation perspective, by first analyzing
its required content via published guidelines and corpus analysis. We show how
these summaries can be factored into a set of document features, and how an
implemented content planner uses the topicality document feature to create
indicative multidocument query-based summaries.

Transformation-Based Learning in the Fast Lane
Transformation-based learning has been successfully employed to solve many
natural language processing problems. It achieves state-of-the-art performance
on many natural language processing tasks and does not overtrain easily.
However, it does have a serious drawback: the training time is often
intorelably long, especially on the large corpora which are often used in NLP.
In this paper, we present a novel and realistic method for speeding up the
training time of a transformation-based learner without sacrificing
performance. The paper compares and contrasts the training time needed and
performance achieved by our modified learner with two other systems: a standard
transformation-based learner, and the ICA system \cite{hepple00:tbl}. The
results of these experiments show that our system is able to achieve a
significant improvement in training time while still achieving the same
performance as a standard transformation-based learner. This is a valuable
contribution to systems and algorithms which utilize transformation-based
learning at any part of the execution.

Multidimensional Transformation-Based Learning
This paper presents a novel method that allows a machine learning algorithm
following the transformation-based learning paradigm \cite{brill95:tagging} to
be applied to multiple classification tasks by training jointly and
simultaneously on all fields. The motivation for constructing such a system
stems from the observation that many tasks in natural language processing are
naturally composed of multiple subtasks which need to be resolved
simultaneously; also tasks usually learned in isolation can possibly benefit
from being learned in a joint framework, as the signals for the extra tasks
usually constitute inductive bias.
  The proposed algorithm is evaluated in two experiments: in one, the system is
used to jointly predict the part-of-speech and text chunks/baseNP chunks of an
English corpus; and in the second it is used to learn the joint prediction of
word segment boundaries and part-of-speech tagging for Chinese. The results
show that the simultaneous learning of multiple tasks does achieve an
improvement in each task upon training the same tasks sequentially. The
part-of-speech tagging result of 96.63% is state-of-the-art for individual
systems on the particular train/test split.

A Bit of Progress in Language Modeling
In the past several years, a number of different language modeling
improvements over simple trigram models have been found, including caching,
higher-order n-grams, skipping, interpolated Kneser-Ney smoothing, and
clustering. We present explorations of variations on, or of the limits of, each
of these techniques, including showing that sentence mixture models may have
more potential. While all of these techniques have been studied separately,
they have rarely been studied in combination. We find some significant
interactions, especially with smoothing and clustering techniques. We compare a
combination of all techniques together to a Katz smoothed trigram model with no
count cutoffs. We achieve perplexity reductions between 38% and 50% (1 bit of
entropy), depending on training data size, as well as a word error rate
reduction of 8.9%. Our perplexity reductions are perhaps the highest reported
compared to a fair baseline. This is the extended version of the paper; it
contains additional details and proofs, and is designed to be a good
introduction to the state of the art in language modeling.

Classes for Fast Maximum Entropy Training
Maximum entropy models are considered by many to be one of the most promising
avenues of language modeling research. Unfortunately, long training times make
maximum entropy research difficult. We present a novel speedup technique: we
change the form of the model to use classes. Our speedup works by creating two
maximum entropy models, the first of which predicts the class of each word, and
the second of which predicts the word itself. This factoring of the model leads
to fewer non-zero indicator functions, and faster normalization, achieving
speedups of up to a factor of 35 over one of the best previous techniques. It
also results in typically slightly lower perplexities. The same trick can be
used to speed training of other machine learning techniques, e.g. neural
networks, applied to any problem with a large number of outputs, such as
language modeling.

Portability of Syntactic Structure for Language Modeling
The paper presents a study on the portability of statistical syntactic
knowledge in the framework of the structured language model (SLM). We
investigate the impact of porting SLM statistics from the Wall Street Journal
(WSJ) to the Air Travel Information System (ATIS) domain. We compare this
approach to applying the Microsoft rule-based parser (NLPwin) for the ATIS data
and to using a small amount of data manually parsed at UPenn for gathering the
intial SLM statistics. Surprisingly, despite the fact that it performs modestly
in perplexity (PPL), the model initialized on WSJ parses outperforms the other
initialization methods based on in-domain annotated data, achieving a
significant 0.4% absolute and 7% relative reduction in word error rate (WER)
over a baseline system whose word error rate is 5.8%; the improvement measured
relative to the minimum WER achievable on the N-best lists we worked with is
12%.

Anaphora and Discourse Structure
We argue in this paper that many common adverbial phrases generally taken to
signal a discourse relation between syntactically connected units within
discourse structure, instead work anaphorically to contribute relational
meaning, with only indirect dependence on discourse structure. This allows a
simpler discourse structure to provide scaffolding for compositional semantics,
and reveals multiple ways in which the relational meaning conveyed by adverbial
connectives can interact with that associated with discourse structure. We
conclude by sketching out a lexicalised grammar for discourse that facilitates
discourse interpretation as a product of compositional rules, anaphor
resolution and inference.

Boosting Trees for Anti-Spam Email Filtering
This paper describes a set of comparative experiments for the problem of
automatically filtering unwanted electronic mail messages. Several variants of
the AdaBoost algorithm with confidence-rated predictions [Schapire & Singer,
99] have been applied, which differ in the complexity of the base learners
considered. Two main conclusions can be drawn from our experiments: a) The
boosting-based methods clearly outperform the baseline learning algorithms
(Naive Bayes and Induction of Decision Trees) on the PU1 corpus, achieving very
high levels of the F1 measure; b) Increasing the complexity of the base
learners allows to obtain better ``high-precision'' classifiers, which is a
very important issue when misclassification costs are considered.

Modelling Semantic Association and Conceptual Inheritance for Semantic
  Analysis
Allowing users to interact through language borders is an interesting
challenge for information technology. For the purpose of a computer assisted
language learning system, we have chosen icons for representing meaning on the
input interface, since icons do not depend on a particular language. However, a
key limitation of this type of communication is the expression of articulated
ideas instead of isolated concepts. We propose a method to interpret sequences
of icons as complex messages by reconstructing the relations between concepts,
so as to build conceptual graphs able to represent meaning and to be used for
natural language sentence generation. This method is based on an electronic
dictionary containing semantic information.

Learning class-to-class selectional preferences
Selectional preference learning methods have usually focused on word-to-class
relations, e.g., a verb selects as its subject a given nominal class. This
papers extends previous statistical models to class-to-class preferences, and
presents a model that learns selectional preferences for classes of verbs. The
motivation is twofold: different senses of a verb may have different
preferences, and some classes of verbs can share preferences. The model is
tested on a word sense disambiguation task which uses subject-verb and
object-verb relationships extracted from a small sense-disambiguated corpus.

Knowledge Sources for Word Sense Disambiguation
Two kinds of systems have been defined during the long history of WSD:
principled systems that define which knowledge types are useful for WSD, and
robust systems that use the information sources at hand, such as, dictionaries,
light-weight ontologies or hand-tagged corpora. This paper tries to systematize
the relation between desired knowledge types and actual information sources. We
also compare the results for a wide range of algorithms that have been
evaluated on a common test setting in our research group. We hope that this
analysis will help change the shift from systems based on information sources
to systems based on knowledge sources. This study might also shed some light on
semi-automatic acquisition of desired knowledge types from existing resources.

Enriching WordNet concepts with topic signatures
This paper explores the possibility of enriching the content of existing
ontologies. The overall goal is to overcome the lack of topical links among
concepts in WordNet. Each concept is to be associated to a topic signature,
i.e., a set of related words with associated weights. The signatures can be
automatically constructed from the WWW or from sense-tagged corpora. Both
approaches are compared and evaluated on a word sense disambiguation task. The
results show that it is possible to construct clean signatures from the WWW
using some filtering techniques.

Testing for Mathematical Lineation in Jim Crace's "Quarantine" and T. S.
  Eliot's "Four Quartets"
The mathematical distinction between prose and verse may be detected in
writings that are not apparently lineated, for example in T. S. Eliot's "Burnt
Norton", and Jim Crace's "Quarantine". In this paper we offer comments on
appropriate statistical methods for such work, and also on the nature of formal
innovation in these two texts. Additional remarks are made on the roots of
lineation as a metrical form, and on the prose-verse continuum.

Richer Syntactic Dependencies for Structured Language Modeling
The paper investigates the use of richer syntactic dependencies in the
structured language model (SLM). We present two simple methods of enriching the
dependencies in the syntactic parse trees used for intializing the SLM. We
evaluate the impact of both methods on the perplexity (PPL) and
word-error-rate(WER, N-best rescoring) performance of the SLM. We show that the
new model achieves an improvement in PPL and WER over the baseline results
reported using the SLM on the UPenn Treebank and Wall Street Journal (WSJ)
corpora, respectively.

Part-of-Speech Tagging with Two Sequential Transducers
We present a method of constructing and using a cascade consisting of a left-
and a right-sequential finite-state transducer (FST), T1 and T2, for
part-of-speech (POS) disambiguation. Compared to an HMM, this FST cascade has
the advantage of significantly higher processing speed, but at the cost of
slightly lower accuracy. Applications such as Information Retrieval, where the
speed can be more important than accuracy, could benefit from this approach.
  In the process of tagging, we first assign every word a unique ambiguity
class c_i that can be looked up in a lexicon encoded by a sequential FST. Every
c_i is denoted by a single symbol, e.g. [ADJ_NOUN], although it represents a
set of alternative tags that a given word can occur with. The sequence of the
c_i of all words of one sentence is the input to our FST cascade. It is mapped
by T1, from left to right, to a sequence of reduced ambiguity classes r_i.
Every r_i is denoted by a single symbol, although it represents a set of
alternative tags. Intuitively, T1 eliminates the less likely tags from c_i,
thus creating r_i. Finally, T2 maps the sequence of r_i, from right to left, to
a sequence of single POS tags t_i. Intuitively, T2 selects the most likely t_i
from every r_i.
  The probabilities of all t_i, r_i, and c_i are used only at compile time, not
at run time. They do not (directly) occur in the FSTs, but are "implicitly
contained" in their structure.

What is the minimal set of fragments that achieves maximal parse
  accuracy?
We aim at finding the minimal set of fragments which achieves maximal parse
accuracy in Data Oriented Parsing. Experiments with the Penn Wall Street
Journal treebank show that counts of almost arbitrary fragments within parse
trees are important, leading to improved parse accuracy over previous models
tested on this treebank (a precision of 90.8% and a recall of 90.6%). We
isolate some dependency relations which previous models neglect but which
contribute to higher parse accuracy.

Combining semantic and syntactic structure for language modeling
Structured language models for speech recognition have been shown to remedy
the weaknesses of n-gram models. All current structured language models are,
however, limited in that they do not take into account dependencies between
non-headwords. We show that non-headword dependencies contribute to
significantly improved word error rate, and that a data-oriented parsing model
trained on semantically and syntactically annotated data can exploit these
dependencies. This paper also contains the first DOP model trained by means of
a maximum likelihood reestimation procedure, which solves some of the
theoretical shortcomings of previous DOP models.

A procedure for unsupervised lexicon learning
We describe an incremental unsupervised procedure to learn words from
transcribed continuous speech. The algorithm is based on a conservative and
traditional statistical model, and results of empirical tests show that it is
competitive with other algorithms that have been proposed recently for this
task.

A Statistical Model for Word Discovery in Transcribed Speech
A statistical model for segmentation and word discovery in continuous speech
is presented. An incremental unsupervised learning algorithm to infer word
boundaries based on this model is described. Results of empirical tests showing
that the algorithm is competitive with other models that have been used for
similar tasks are also presented.

Using a Support-Vector Machine for Japanese-to-English Translation of
  Tense, Aspect, and Modality
This paper describes experiments carried out using a variety of
machine-learning methods, including the k-nearest neighborhood method that was
used in a previous study, for the translation of tense, aspect, and modality.
It was found that the support-vector machine method was the most precise of all
the methods tested.

Part of Speech Tagging in Thai Language Using Support Vector Machine
The elastic-input neuro tagger and hybrid tagger, combined with a neural
network and Brill's error-driven learning, have already been proposed for the
purpose of constructing a practical tagger using as little training data as
possible. When a small Thai corpus is used for training, these taggers have
tagging accuracies of 94.4% and 95.5% (accounting only for the ambiguous words
in terms of the part of speech), respectively. In this study, in order to
construct more accurate taggers we developed new tagging methods using three
machine learning methods: the decision-list, maximum entropy, and support
vector machine methods. We then performed tagging experiments by using these
methods. Our results showed that the support vector machine method has the best
precision (96.1%), and that it is capable of improving the accuracy of tagging
in the Thai language. Finally, we theoretically examined all these methods and
discussed how the improvements were achived.

Universal Model for Paraphrasing -- Using Transformation Based on a
  Defined Criteria --
This paper describes a universal model for paraphrasing that transforms
according to defined criteria. We showed that by using different criteria we
could construct different kinds of paraphrasing systems including one for
answering questions, one for compressing sentences, one for polishing up, and
one for transforming written language to spoken language.

Blind Normalization of Speech From Different Channels and Speakers
This paper describes representations of time-dependent signals that are
invariant under any invertible time-independent transformation of the signal
time series. Such a representation is created by rescaling the signal in a
non-linear dynamic manner that is determined by recently encountered signal
levels. This technique may make it possible to normalize signals that are
related by channel-dependent and speaker-dependent transformations, without
having to characterize the form of the signal transformations, which remain
unknown. The technique is illustrated by applying it to the time-dependent
spectra of speech that has been filtered to simulate the effects of different
channels. The experimental results show that the rescaled speech
representations are largely normalized (i.e., channel-independent), despite the
channel-dependence of the raw (unrescaled) speech.

An Integrated Framework for Treebanks and Multilayer Annotations
Treebank formats and associated software tools are proliferating rapidly,
with little consideration for interoperability. We survey a wide variety of
treebank structures and operations, and show how they can be mapped onto the
annotation graph model, and leading to an integrated framework encompassing
tree and non-tree annotations alike. This development opens up new
possibilities for managing and exploiting multilayer annotations.

Annotation Graphs and Servers and Multi-Modal Resources: Infrastructure
  for Interdisciplinary Education, Research and Development
Annotation graphs and annotation servers offer infrastructure to support the
analysis of human language resources in the form of time-series data such as
text, audio and video. This paper outlines areas of common need among empirical
linguists and computational linguists. After reviewing examples of data and
tools used or under development for each of several areas, it proposes a common
framework for future tool development, data annotation and resource sharing
based upon annotation graphs and servers.

Computational Phonology
Phonology, as it is practiced, is deeply computational. Phonological analysis
is data-intensive and the resulting models are nothing other than specialized
data structures and algorithms. In the past, phonological computation -
managing data and developing analyses - was done manually with pencil and
paper. Increasingly, with the proliferation of affordable computers, IPA fonts
and drawing software, phonologists are seeking to move their computation work
online. Computational Phonology provides the theoretical and technological
framework for this migration, building on methodologies and tools from
computational linguistics. This piece consists of an apology for computational
phonology, a history, and an overview of current research.

Phonology
Phonology is the systematic study of the sounds used in language, their
internal structure, and their composition into syllables, words and phrases.
Computational phonology is the application of formal and computational
techniques to the representation and processing of phonological information.
This chapter will present the fundamentals of descriptive phonology along with
a brief overview of computational phonology.

Integrating selectional preferences in WordNet
Selectional preference learning methods have usually focused on word-to-class
relations, e.g., a verb selects as its subject a given nominal class. This
paper extends previous statistical models to class-to-class preferences, and
presents a model that learns selectional preferences for classes of verbs,
together with an algorithm to integrate the learned preferences in WordNet. The
theoretical motivation is twofold: different senses of a verb may have
different preferences, and classes of verbs may share preferences. On the
practical side, class-to-class selectional preferences can be learned from
untagged corpora (the same as word-to-class), they provide selectional
preferences for less frequent word senses via inheritance, and more important,
they allow for easy integration in WordNet. The model is trained on
subject-verb and object-verb relationships extracted from a small corpus
disambiguated with WordNet senses. Examples are provided illustrating that the
theoretical motivations are well founded, and showing that the approach is
feasible. Experimental results on a word sense disambiguation task are also
provided.

Decision Lists for English and Basque
In this paper we describe the systems we developed for the English (lexical
and all-words) and Basque tasks. They were all supervised systems based on
Yarowsky's Decision Lists. We used Semcor for training in the English all-words
task. We defined different feature sets for each language. For Basque, in order
to extract all the information from the text, we defined features that have not
been used before in the literature, using a morphological analyzer. We also
implemented systems that selected automatically good features and were able to
obtain a prefixed precision (85%) at the cost of coverage. The systems that
used all the features were identified as BCU-ehu-dlist-all and the systems that
selected some features as BCU-ehu-dlist-best.

The Basque task: did systems perform in the upperbound?
In this paper we describe the Senseval 2 Basque lexical-sample task. The task
comprised 40 words (15 nouns, 15 verbs and 10 adjectives) selected from Euskal
Hiztegia, the main Basque dictionary. Most examples were taken from the
Egunkaria newspaper. The method used to hand-tag the examples produced low
inter-tagger agreement (75%) before arbitration. The four competing systems
attained results well above the most frequent baseline and the best system
scored 75% precision at 100% coverage. The paper includes an analysis of the
tagging procedure used, as well as the performance of the competing systems. In
particular, we argue that inter-tagger agreement is not a real upperbound for
the Basque WSD task.

Memory-Based Shallow Parsing
We present memory-based learning approaches to shallow parsing and apply
these to five tasks: base noun phrase identification, arbitrary base phrase
recognition, clause detection, noun phrase parsing and full parsing. We use
feature selection techniques and system combination methods for improving the
performance of the memory-based learner. Our approach is evaluated on standard
data sets and the results are compared with that of other systems. This reveals
that our approach works well for base phrase identification while its
application towards recognizing embedded structures leaves some room for
improvement.

Unsupervised discovery of morphologically related words based on
  orthographic and semantic similarity
We present an algorithm that takes an unannotated corpus as its input, and
returns a ranked list of probable morphologically related pairs as its output.
The algorithm tries to discover morphologically related pairs by looking for
pairs that are both orthographically and semantically similar, where
orthographic similarity is measured in terms of minimum edit distance, and
semantic similarity is measured in terms of mutual information. The procedure
does not rely on a morpheme concatenation model, nor on distributional
properties of word substrings (such as affix frequency). Experiments with
German and English input give encouraging results, both in terms of precision
(proportion of good pairs found at various cutoff points of the ranked list),
and in terms of a qualitative analysis of the types of morphological patterns
discovered by the algorithm.

Mostly-Unsupervised Statistical Segmentation of Japanese Kanji Sequences
Given the lack of word delimiters in written Japanese, word segmentation is
generally considered a crucial first step in processing Japanese texts. Typical
Japanese segmentation algorithms rely either on a lexicon and syntactic
analysis or on pre-segmented data; but these are labor-intensive, and the
lexico-syntactic techniques are vulnerable to the unknown word problem. In
contrast, we introduce a novel, more robust statistical method utilizing
unsegmented training data. Despite its simplicity, the algorithm yields
performance on long kanji sequences comparable to and sometimes surpassing that
of state-of-the-art morphological analyzers over a variety of error metrics.
The algorithm also outperforms another mostly-unsupervised statistical
algorithm previously proposed for Chinese.
  Additionally, we present a two-level annotation scheme for Japanese to
incorporate multiple segmentation granularities, and introduce two novel
evaluation metrics, both based on the notion of a compatible bracket, that can
account for multiple granularities simultaneously.

Ellogon: A New Text Engineering Platform
This paper presents Ellogon, a multi-lingual, cross-platform, general-purpose
text engineering environment. Ellogon was designed in order to aid both
researchers in natural language processing, as well as companies that produce
language engineering systems for the end-user. Ellogon provides a powerful
TIPSTER-based infrastructure for managing, storing and exchanging textual data,
embedding and managing text processing components as well as visualising
textual data and their associated linguistic information. Among its key
features are full Unicode support, an extensive multi-lingual graphical user
interface, its modular architecture and the reduced hardware requirements.

A variable-free dynamic semantics
I propose a variable-free treatment of dynamic semantics. By "dynamic
semantics" I mean analyses of donkey sentences ("Every farmer who owns a donkey
beats it") and other binding and anaphora phenomena in natural language where
meanings of constituents are updates to information states, for instance as
proposed by Groenendijk and Stokhof. By "variable-free" I mean denotational
semantics in which functional combinators replace variable indices and
assignment functions, for instance as advocated by Jacobson.
  The new theory presented here achieves a compositional treatment of dynamic
anaphora that does not involve assignment functions, and separates the
combinatorics of variable-free semantics from the particular linguistic
phenomena it treats. Integrating variable-free semantics and dynamic semantics
gives rise to interactions that make new empirical predictions, for example
"donkey weak crossover" effects.

NLTK: The Natural Language Toolkit
NLTK, the Natural Language Toolkit, is a suite of open source program
modules, tutorials and problem sets, providing ready-to-use computational
linguistics courseware. NLTK covers symbolic and statistical natural language
processing, and is interfaced to annotated corpora. Students augment and
replace existing components, learn structured programming by example, and
manipulate sophisticated models from the outset.

Unsupervised Discovery of Morphemes
We present two methods for unsupervised segmentation of words into
morpheme-like units. The model utilized is especially suited for languages with
a rich morphology, such as Finnish. The first method is based on the Minimum
Description Length (MDL) principle and works online. In the second method,
Maximum Likelihood (ML) optimization is used. The quality of the segmentations
is measured using an evaluation method that compares the segmentations produced
to an existing morphological analysis. Experiments on both Finnish and English
corpora show that the presented methods perform well compared to a current
state-of-the-art system.

Bootstrapping Lexical Choice via Multiple-Sequence Alignment
An important component of any generation system is the mapping dictionary, a
lexicon of elementary semantic expressions and corresponding natural language
realizations. Typically, labor-intensive knowledge-based methods are used to
construct the dictionary. We instead propose to acquire it automatically via a
novel multiple-pass algorithm employing multiple-sequence alignment, a
technique commonly used in bioinformatics. Crucially, our method leverages
latent information contained in multi-parallel corpora -- datasets that supply
several verbalizations of the corresponding semantics rather than just one.
  We used our techniques to generate natural language versions of
computer-generated mathematical proofs, with good results on both a
per-component and overall-output basis. For example, in evaluations involving a
dozen human judges, our system produced output whose readability and
faithfulness to the semantic input rivaled that of a traditional generation
system.

Evaluating the Effectiveness of Ensembles of Decision Trees in
  Disambiguating Senseval Lexical Samples
This paper presents an evaluation of an ensemble--based system that
participated in the English and Spanish lexical sample tasks of Senseval-2. The
system combines decision trees of unigrams, bigrams, and co--occurrences into a
single classifier. The analysis is extended to include the Senseval-1 data.

Assessing System Agreement and Instance Difficulty in the Lexical Sample
  Tasks of Senseval-2
This paper presents a comparative evaluation among the systems that
participated in the Spanish and English lexical sample tasks of Senseval-2. The
focus is on pairwise comparisons among systems to assess the degree to which
they agree, and on measuring the difficulty of the test instances included in
these tasks.

Machine Learning with Lexical Features: The Duluth Approach to
  Senseval-2
This paper describes the sixteen Duluth entries in the Senseval-2 comparative
exercise among word sense disambiguation systems. There were eight pairs of
Duluth systems entered in the Spanish and English lexical sample tasks. These
are all based on standard machine learning algorithms that induce classifiers
from sense-tagged training text where the context in which ambiguous words
occur are represented by simple lexical features. These are highly portable,
robust methods that can serve as a foundation for more tailored approaches.

A Method for Open-Vocabulary Speech-Driven Text Retrieval
While recent retrieval techniques do not limit the number of index terms,
out-of-vocabulary (OOV) words are crucial in speech recognition. Aiming at
retrieving information with spoken queries, we fill the gap between speech
recognition and text retrieval in terms of the vocabulary size. Given a spoken
query, we generate a transcription and detect OOV words through speech
recognition. We then correspond detected OOV words to terms indexed in a target
collection to complete the transcription, and search the collection for
documents relevant to the completed transcription. We show the effectiveness of
our method by way of experiments.

Japanese/English Cross-Language Information Retrieval: Exploration of
  Query Translation and Transliteration
Cross-language information retrieval (CLIR), where queries and documents are
in different languages, has of late become one of the major topics within the
information retrieval community. This paper proposes a Japanese/English CLIR
system, where we combine a query translation and retrieval modules. We
currently target the retrieval of technical documents, and therefore the
performance of our system is highly dependent on the quality of the translation
of technical terms. However, the technical term translation is still
problematic in that technical terms are often compound words, and thus new
terms are progressively created by combining existing base words. In addition,
Japanese often represents loanwords based on its special phonogram.
Consequently, existing dictionaries find it difficult to achieve sufficient
coverage. To counter the first problem, we produce a Japanese/English
dictionary for base words, and translate compound words on a word-by-word
basis. We also use a probabilistic method to resolve translation ambiguity. For
the second problem, we use a transliteration method, which corresponds words
unlisted in the base word dictionary to their phonetic equivalents in the
target language. We evaluate our system using a test collection for CLIR, and
show that both the compound word translation and transliteration methods
improve the system performance.

A Probabilistic Method for Analyzing Japanese Anaphora Integrating Zero
  Pronoun Detection and Resolution
This paper proposes a method to analyze Japanese anaphora, in which zero
pronouns (omitted obligatory cases) are used to refer to preceding entities
(antecedents). Unlike the case of general coreference resolution, zero pronouns
have to be detected prior to resolution because they are not expressed in
discourse. Our method integrates two probability parameters to perform zero
pronoun detection and resolution in a single framework. The first parameter
quantifies the degree to which a given case is a zero pronoun. The second
parameter quantifies the degree to which a given entity is the antecedent for a
detected zero pronoun. To compute these parameters efficiently, we use corpora
with/without annotations of anaphoric relations. We show the effectiveness of
our method by way of experiments.

Applying a Hybrid Query Translation Method to Japanese/English
  Cross-Language Patent Retrieval
This paper applies an existing query translation method to cross-language
patent retrieval. In our method, multiple dictionaries are used to derive all
possible translations for an input query, and collocational statistics are used
to resolve translation ambiguity. We used Japanese/English parallel patent
abstracts to perform comparative experiments, where our method outperformed a
simple dictionary-based query translation method, and achieved 76% of
monolingual retrieval in terms of average precision.

PRIME: A System for Multi-lingual Patent Retrieval
Given the growing number of patents filed in multiple countries, users are
interested in retrieving patents across languages. We propose a multi-lingual
patent retrieval system, which translates a user query into the target
language, searches a multilingual database for patents relevant to the query,
and improves the browsing efficiency by way of machine translation and
clustering. Our system also extracts new translations from patent families
consisting of comparable patents, to enhance the translation dictionary.

Language Modeling for Multi-Domain Speech-Driven Text Retrieval
We report experimental results associated with speech-driven text retrieval,
which facilitates retrieving information in multiple domains with spoken
queries. Since users speak contents related to a target collection, we produce
language models used for speech recognition based on the target collection, so
as to improve both the recognition and retrieval accuracy. Experiments using
existing test collections combined with dictated queries showed the
effectiveness of our method.

Speech-Driven Text Retrieval: Using Target IR Collections for
  Statistical Language Model Adaptation in Speech Recognition
Speech recognition has of late become a practical technology for real world
applications. Aiming at speech-driven text retrieval, which facilitates
retrieving information with spoken queries, we propose a method to integrate
speech recognition and retrieval methods. Since users speak contents related to
a target collection, we adapt statistical language models used for speech
recognition based on the target collection, so as to improve both the
recognition and retrieval accuracy. Experiments using existing test collections
combined with dictated queries showed the effectiveness of our method.

Using eigenvectors of the bigram graph to infer morpheme identity
This paper describes the results of some experiments exploring statistical
methods to infer syntactic behavior of words and morphemes from a raw corpus in
an unsupervised fashion. It shares certain points in common with Brown et al
(1992) and work that has grown out of that: it employs statistical techniques
to analyze syntactic behavior based on what words occur adjacent to a given
word. However, we use an eigenvector decomposition of a nearest-neighbor graph
to produce a two-dimensional rendering of the words of a corpus in which words
of the same syntactic category tend to form neighborhoods. We exploit this
technique for extending the value of automatic learning of morphology. In
particular, we look at the suffixes derived from a corpus by unsupervised
learning of morphology, and we ask which of these suffixes have a consistent
syntactic function (e.g., in English, -tion is primarily a mark of nouns, but
-s marks both noun plurals and 3rd person present on verbs), and we determine
that this method works well for this task.

Analysis of Titles and Readers For Title Generation Centered on the
  Readers
The title of a document has two roles, to give a compact summary and to lead
the reader to read the document. Conventional title generation focuses on
finding key expressions from the author's wording in the document to give a
compact summary and pays little attention to the reader's interest. To make the
title play its second role properly, it is indispensable to clarify the content
(``what to say'') and wording (``how to say'') of titles that are effective to
attract the target reader's interest. In this article, we first identify
typical content and wording of titles aimed at general readers in a comparative
study between titles of technical papers and headlines rewritten for
newspapers. Next, we describe the results of a questionnaire survey on the
effects of the content and wording of titles on the reader's interest. The
survey of general and knowledgeable readers shows both common and different
tendencies in interest.

Efficient Deep Processing of Japanese
We present a broad coverage Japanese grammar written in the HPSG formalism
with MRS semantics. The grammar is created for use in real world applications,
such that robustness and performance issues play an important role. It is
connected to a POS tagging and word segmentation tool. This grammar is being
developed in a multilingual context, requiring MRS structures that are easily
comparable across languages.

Using the DIFF Command for Natural Language Processing
Diff is a software program that detects differences between two data sets and
is useful in natural language processing. This paper shows several examples of
the application of diff. They include the detection of differences between two
different datasets, extraction of rewriting rules, merging of two different
datasets, and the optimal matching of two different data sets. Since diff comes
with any standard UNIX system, it is readily available and very easy to use.
Our studies showed that diff is a practical tool for research into natural
language processing.

Evaluation of Coreference Rules on Complex Narrative Texts
This article studies the problem of assessing relevance to each of the rules
of a reference resolution system. The reference solver described here stems
from a formal model of reference and is integrated in a reference processing
workbench. Evaluation of the reference resolution is essential, as it enables
differential evaluation of individual rules. Numerical values of these measures
are given, and discussed, for simple selection rules and other processing
rules; such measures are then studied for numerical parameters.

Three New Methods for Evaluating Reference Resolution
Reference resolution on extended texts (several thousand references) cannot
be evaluated manually. An evaluation algorithm has been proposed for the MUC
tests, using equivalence classes for the coreference relation. However, we show
here that this algorithm is too indulgent, yielding good scores even for poor
resolution strategies. We elaborate on the same formalism to propose two new
evaluation algorithms, comparing them first with the MUC algorithm and giving
then results on a variety of examples. A third algorithm using only
distributional comparison of equivalence classes is finally described; it
assesses the relative importance of the recall vs. precision errors.

Cooperation between Pronoun and Reference Resolution for Unrestricted
  Texts
Anaphora resolution is envisaged in this paper as part of the reference
resolution process. A general open architecture is proposed, which can be
particularized and configured in order to simulate some classic anaphora
resolution methods. With the aim of improving pronoun resolution, the system
takes advantage of elementary cues about characters of the text, which are
represented through a particular data structure. In its most robust
configuration, the system uses only a general lexicon, a local morpho-syntactic
parser and a dictionary of synonyms. A short comparative corpus analysis shows
that narrative texts are the most suitable for testing such a system.

Reference Resolution Beyond Coreference: a Conceptual Frame and its
  Application
A model for reference use in communication is proposed, from a
representationist point of view. Both the sender and the receiver of a message
handle representations of their common environment, including mental
representations of objects. Reference resolution by a computer is viewed as the
construction of object representations using referring expressions from the
discourse, whereas often only coreference links between such expressions are
looked for. Differences between these two approaches are discussed. The model
has been implemented with elementary rules, and tested on complex narrative
texts (hundreds to thousands of referring expressions). The results support the
mental representations paradigm.

A Chart-Parsing Algorithm for Efficient Semantic Analysis
In some contexts, well-formed natural language cannot be expected as input to
information or communication systems. In these contexts, the use of
grammar-independent input (sequences of uninflected semantic units like e.g.
language-independent icons) can be an answer to the users' needs. A semantic
analysis can be performed, based on lexical semantic knowledge: it is
equivalent to a dependency analysis with no syntactic or morphological clues.
However, this requires that an intelligent system should be able to interpret
this input with reasonable accuracy and in reasonable time. Here we propose a
method allowing a purely semantic-based analysis of sequences of semantic
units. It uses an algorithm inspired by the idea of ``chart parsing'' known in
Natural Language Processing, which stores intermediate parsing results in order
to bring the calculation time down. In comparison with using declarative logic
programming - where the calculation time, left to a prolog engine, is
hyperexponential -, this method brings the calculation time down to a
polynomial time, where the order depends on the valency of the predicates.

Rerendering Semantic Ontologies: Automatic Extensions to UMLS through
  Corpus Analytics
In this paper, we discuss the utility and deficiencies of existing ontology
resources for a number of language processing applications. We describe a
technique for increasing the semantic type coverage of a specific ontology, the
National Library of Medicine's UMLS, with the use of robust finite state
methods used in conjunction with large-scale corpus analytics of the domain
corpus. We call this technique "semantic rerendering" of the ontology. This
research has been done in the context of Medstract, a joint Brandeis-Tufts
effort aimed at developing tools for analyzing biomedical language (i.e.,
Medline), as well as creating targeted databases of bio-entities, biological
relations, and pathway data for biological researchers. Motivating the current
research is the need to have robust and reliable semantic typing of syntactic
elements in the Medline corpus, in order to improve the overall performance of
the information extraction applications mentioned above.

Introduction to the CoNLL-2002 Shared Task: Language-Independent Named
  Entity Recognition
We describe the CoNLL-2002 shared task: language-independent named entity
recognition. We give background information on the data sets and the evaluation
method, present a general overview of the systems that have taken part in the
task and discuss their performance.

Probabilistic Parsing Strategies
We present new results on the relation between purely symbolic context-free
parsing strategies and their probabilistic counter-parts. Such parsing
strategies are seen as constructions of push-down devices from grammars. We
show that preservation of probability distribution is possible under two
conditions, viz. the correct-prefix property and the property of strong
predictiveness. These results generalize existing results in the literature
that were obtained by considering parsing strategies in isolation. From our
general results we also derive negative results on so-called generalized LR
parsing.

Answering Subcognitive Turing Test Questions: A Reply to French
Robert French has argued that a disembodied computer is incapable of passing
a Turing Test that includes subcognitive questions. Subcognitive questions are
designed to probe the network of cultural and perceptual associations that
humans naturally develop as we live, embodied and embedded in the world. In
this paper, I show how it is possible for a disembodied computer to answer
subcognitive questions appropriately, contrary to French's claim. My approach
to answering subcognitive questions is to use statistical information extracted
from a very large collection of text. In particular, I show how it is possible
to answer a sample of subcognitive questions taken from French, by issuing
queries to a search engine that indexes about 350 million Web pages. This
simple algorithm may shed light on the nature of human (sub-) cognition, but
the scope of this paper is limited to demonstrating that French is mistaken: a
disembodied computer can answer subcognitive questions.

An Algorithm for Aligning Sentences in Bilingual Corpora Using Lexical
  Information
In this paper we describe an algorithm for aligning sentences with their
translations in a bilingual corpus using lexical information of the languages.
Existing efficient algorithms ignore word identities and consider only the
sentence lengths (Brown, 1991; Gale and Church, 1993). For a sentence in the
source language text, the proposed algorithm picks the most likely translation
from the target language text using lexical information and certain heuristics.
It does not do statistical analysis using sentence lengths. The algorithm is
language independent. It also aids in detecting addition and deletion of text
in translations. The algorithm gives comparable results with the existing
algorithms in most of the cases while it does better in cases where statistical
algorithms do not give good results.

Empirical Methods for Compound Splitting
Compounded words are a challenge for NLP applications such as machine
translation (MT). We introduce methods to learn splitting rules from
monolingual and parallel corpora. We evaluate them against a gold standard and
measure their impact on performance of statistical MT systems. Results show
accuracy of 99.1% and performance gains for MT of 0.039 BLEU on a
German-English noun phrase translation task.

About compression of vocabulary in computer oriented languages
The author uses the entropy of the ideal Bose-Einstein gas to minimize losses
in computer-oriented languages.

Glottochronology and problems of protolanguage reconstruction
A method of languages genealogical trees construction is proposed.

Learning to Paraphrase: An Unsupervised Approach Using Multiple-Sequence
  Alignment
We address the text-to-text generation problem of sentence-level paraphrasing
-- a phenomenon distinct from and more difficult than word- or phrase-level
paraphrasing. Our approach applies multiple-sequence alignment to sentences
gathered from unannotated comparable corpora: it learns a set of paraphrasing
patterns represented by word lattice pairs and automatically determines how to
apply these patterns to rewrite new sentences. The results of our evaluation
experiments show that the system derives accurate paraphrases, outperforming
baseline systems.

Blind Normalization of Speech From Different Channels
We show how to construct a channel-independent representation of speech that
has propagated through a noisy reverberant channel. This is done by blindly
rescaling the cepstral time series by a non-linear function, with the form of
this scale function being determined by previously encountered cepstra from
that channel. The rescaled form of the time series is an invariant property of
it in the following sense: it is unaffected if the time series is transformed
by any time-independent invertible distortion. Because a linear channel with
stationary noise and impulse response transforms cepstra in this way, the new
technique can be used to remove the channel dependence of a cepstral time
series. In experiments, the method achieved greater channel-independence than
cepstral mean normalization, and it was comparable to the combination of
cepstral mean normalization and spectral subtraction, despite the fact that no
measurements of channel noise or reverberations were required (unlike spectral
subtraction).

Glottochronologic Retrognostic of Language System
A glottochronologic retrognostic of language system is proposed

"I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that": Linguistics, Statistics,
  and Natural Language Processing circa 2001
A brief, general-audience overview of the history of natural language
processing, focusing on data-driven approaches.Topics include "Ambiguity and
language analysis", "Firth things first", "A 'C' change", and "The empiricists
strike back".

An XML based Document Suite
We report about the current state of development of a document suite and its
applications. This collection of tools for the flexible and robust processing
of documents in German is based on the use of XML as unifying formalism for
encoding input and output data as well as process information. It is organized
in modules with limited responsibilities that can easily be combined into
pipelines to solve complex tasks. Strong emphasis is laid on a number of
techniques to deal with lexical and conceptual gaps that are typical when
starting a new application.

Exploiting Sublanguage and Domain Characteristics in a Bootstrapping
  Approach to Lexicon and Ontology Creation
It is very costly to build up lexical resources and domain ontologies.
Especially when confronted with a new application domain lexical gaps and a
poor coverage of domain concepts are a problem for the successful exploitation
of natural language document analysis systems that need and exploit such
knowledge sources. In this paper we report about ongoing experiments with
`bootstrapping techniques' for lexicon and ontology creation.

An Approach for Resource Sharing in Multilingual NLP
In this paper we describe an approach for the analysis of documents in German
and English with a shared pool of resources. For the analysis of German
documents we use a document suite, which supports the user in tasks like
information retrieval and information extraction. The core of the document
suite is based on our tool XDOC. Now we want to exploit these methods for the
analysis of English documents as well. For this aim we need a multilingual
presentation format of the resources. These resources must be transformed into
an unified format, in which we can set additional information about linguistic
characteristics of the language depending on the analyzed documents. In this
paper we describe our approach for such an exchange model for multilingual
resources based on XML.

Factorization of Language Models through Backing-Off Lattices
Factorization of statistical language models is the task that we resolve the
most discriminative model into factored models and determine a new model by
combining them so as to provide better estimate. Most of previous works mainly
focus on factorizing models of sequential events, each of which allows only one
factorization manner. To enable parallel factorization, which allows a model
event to be resolved in more than one ways at the same time, we propose a
general framework, where we adopt a backing-off lattice to reflect parallel
factorizations and to define the paths along which a model is resolved into
factored models, we use a mixture model to combine parallel paths in the
lattice, and generalize Katz's backing-off method to integrate all the mixture
models got by traversing the entire lattice. Based on this framework, we
formulate two types of model factorizations that are used in natural language
modeling.

Introduction to the CoNLL-2003 Shared Task: Language-Independent Named
  Entity Recognition
We describe the CoNLL-2003 shared task: language-independent named entity
recognition. We give background information on the data sets (English and
German) and the evaluation method, present a general overview of the systems
that have taken part in the task and discuss their performance.

Learning to Order Facts for Discourse Planning in Natural Language
  Generation
This paper presents a machine learning approach to discourse planning in
natural language generation. More specifically, we address the problem of
learning the most natural ordering of facts in discourse plans for a specific
domain. We discuss our methodology and how it was instantiated using two
different machine learning algorithms. A quantitative evaluation performed in
the domain of museum exhibit descriptions indicates that our approach performs
significantly better than manually constructed ordering rules. Being
retrainable, the resulting planners can be ported easily to other similar
domains, without requiring language technology expertise.

An Improved k-Nearest Neighbor Algorithm for Text Categorization
k is the most important parameter in a text categorization system based on
k-Nearest Neighbor algorithm (kNN).In the classification process, k nearest
documents to the test one in the training set are determined firstly. Then, the
predication can be made according to the category distribution among these k
nearest neighbors. Generally speaking, the class distribution in the training
set is uneven. Some classes may have more samples than others. Therefore, the
system performance is very sensitive to the choice of the parameter k. And it
is very likely that a fixed k value will result in a bias on large categories.
To deal with these problems, we propose an improved kNN algorithm, which uses
different numbers of nearest neighbors for different categories, rather than a
fixed number across all categories. More samples (nearest neighbors) will be
used for deciding whether a test document should be classified to a category,
which has more samples in the training set. Preliminary experiments on Chinese
text categorization show that our method is less sensitive to the parameter k
than the traditional one, and it can properly classify documents belonging to
smaller classes with a large k. The method is promising for some cases, where
estimating the parameter k via cross-validation is not allowed.

Issues in Communication Game
As interaction between autonomous agents, communication can be analyzed in
game-theoretic terms. Meaning game is proposed to formalize the core of
intended communication in which the sender sends a message and the receiver
attempts to infer its meaning intended by the sender. Basic issues involved in
the game of natural language communication are discussed, such as salience,
grammaticality, common sense, and common belief, together with some
demonstration of the feasibility of game-theoretic account of language.

Parsing and Generation with Tabulation and Compilation
The standard tabulation techniques for logic programming presuppose fixed
order of computation. Some data-driven control should be introduced in order to
deal with diverse contexts. The present paper describes a data-driven method of
constraint transformation with a sort of compilation which subsumes
accessibility check and last-call optimization, which characterize standard
natural-language parsing techniques, semantic-head-driven generation, etc.

The Linguistic DS: Linguisitic Description in MPEG-7
MPEG-7 (Moving Picture Experts Group Phase 7) is an XML-based international
standard on semantic description of multimedia content. This document discusses
the Linguistic DS and related tools. The linguistic DS is a tool, based on the
GDA tag set (http://i-content.org/GDA/tagset.html), for semantic annotation of
linguistic data in or associated with multimedia content. The current document
text reflects `Study of FPDAM - MPEG-7 MDS Extensions' issued in March 2003,
and not most part of MPEG-7 MDS, for which the readers are referred to the
first version of MPEG-7 MDS document available from ISO (http://www.iso.org).
Without that reference, however, this document should be mostly intelligible to
those who are familiar with XML and linguistic theories. Comments are welcome
and will be considered in the standardization process.

Collaborative Creation of Digital Content in Indian Languages
The world is passing through a major revolution called the information
revolution, in which information and knowledge is becoming available to people
in unprecedented amounts wherever and whenever they need it. Those societies
which fail to take advantage of the new technology will be left behind, just
like in the industrial revolution.
  The information revolution is based on two major technologies: computers and
communication. These technologies have to be delivered in a COST EFFECTIVE
manner, and in LANGUAGES accessible to people.
  One way to deliver them in cost effective manner is to make suitable
technology choices, and to allow people to access through shared resources.
This could be done throuch street corner shops (for computer usage, e-mail
etc.), schools, community centres and local library centres.

Information Revolution
The world is passing through a major revolution called the information
revolution, in which information and knowledge is becoming available to people
in unprecedented amounts wherever and whenever they need it. Those societies
which fail to take advantage of the new technology will be left behind, just
like in the industrial revolution.
  The information revolution is based on two major technologies: computers and
communication. These technologies have to be delivered in a COST EFFECTIVE
manner, and in LANGUAGES accessible to people.
  One way to deliver them in cost effective manner is to make suitable
technology choices (discussed later), and to allow people to access through
shared resources. This could be done throuch street corner shops (for computer
usage, e-mail etc.), schools, community centers and local library centres.

Anusaaraka: Overcoming the Language Barrier in India
The anusaaraka system makes text in one Indian language accessible in another
Indian language. In the anusaaraka approach, the load is so divided between man
and computer that the language load is taken by the machine, and the
interpretation of the text is left to the man. The machine presents an image of
the source text in a language close to the target language.In the image, some
constructions of the source language (which do not have equivalents) spill over
to the output. Some special notation is also devised. The user after some
training learns to read and understand the output. Because the Indian languages
are close, the learning time of the output language is short, and is expected
to be around 2 weeks.
  The output can also be post-edited by a trained user to make it grammatically
correct in the target language. Style can also be changed, if necessary. Thus,
in this scenario, it can function as a human assisted translation system.
  Currently, anusaarakas are being built from Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Bengali
and Punjabi to Hindi. They can be built for all Indian languages in the near
future. Everybody must pitch in to build such systems connecting all Indian
languages, using the free software model.

Language Access: An Information Based Approach
The anusaaraka system (a kind of machine translation system) makes text in
one Indian language accessible through another Indian language. The machine
presents an image of the source text in a language close to the target
language. In the image, some constructions of the source language (which do not
have equivalents in the target language) spill over to the output. Some special
notation is also devised.
  Anusaarakas have been built from five pairs of languages: Telugu,Kannada,
Marathi, Bengali and Punjabi to Hindi. They are available for use through Email
servers.
  Anusaarkas follows the principle of substitutibility and reversibility of
strings produced. This implies preservation of information while going from a
source language to a target language.
  For narrow subject areas, specialized modules can be built by putting subject
domain knowledge into the system, which produce good quality grammatical
output. However, it should be remembered, that such modules will work only in
narrow areas, and will sometimes go wrong. In such a situation, anusaaraka
output will still remain useful.

LERIL : Collaborative Effort for Creating Lexical Resources
The paper reports on efforts taken to create lexical resources pertaining to
Indian languages, using the collaborative model. The lexical resources being
developed are: (1) Transfer lexicon and grammar from English to several Indian
languages. (2) Dependencey tree bank of annotated corpora for several Indian
languages. The dependency trees are based on the Paninian model. (3) Bilingual
dictionary of 'core meanings'.

Building a Test Collection for Speech-Driven Web Retrieval
This paper describes a test collection (benchmark data) for retrieval systems
driven by spoken queries. This collection was produced in the subtask of the
NTCIR-3 Web retrieval task, which was performed in a TREC-style evaluation
workshop. The search topics and document collection for the Web retrieval task
were used to produce spoken queries and language models for speech recognition,
respectively. We used this collection to evaluate the performance of our
retrieval system. Experimental results showed that (a) the use of target
documents for language modeling and (b) enhancement of the vocabulary size in
speech recognition were effective in improving the system performance.

A Cross-media Retrieval System for Lecture Videos
We propose a cross-media lecture-on-demand system, in which users can
selectively view specific segments of lecture videos by submitting text
queries. Users can easily formulate queries by using the textbook associated
with a target lecture, even if they cannot come up with effective keywords. Our
system extracts the audio track from a target lecture video, generates a
transcription by large vocabulary continuous speech recognition, and produces a
text index. Experimental results showed that by adapting speech recognition to
the topic of the lecture, the recognition accuracy increased and the retrieval
accuracy was comparable with that obtained by human transcription.

Effective XML Representation for Spoken Language in Organisations
Spoken Language can be used to provide insights into organisational
processes, unfortunately transcription and coding stages are very time
consuming and expensive. The concept of partial transcription and coding is
proposed in which spoken language is indexed prior to any subsequent
processing. The functional linguistic theory of texture is used to describe the
effects of partial transcription on observational records. The standard used to
encode transcript context and metadata is called CHAT, but a previous XML
schema developed to implement it contains design assumptions that make it
difficult to support partial transcription for example. This paper describes a
more effective XML schema that overcomes many of these problems and is intended
for use in applications that support the rapid development of spoken language
deliverables.

Application Architecture for Spoken Language Resources in Organisational
  Settings
Special technologies need to be used to take advantage of, and overcome, the
challenges associated with acquiring, transforming, storing, processing, and
distributing spoken language resources in organisations. This paper introduces
an application architecture consisting of tools and supporting utilities for
indexing and transcription, and describes how these tools, together with
downstream processing and distribution systems, can be integrated into a
workflow. Two sample applications for this architecture are outlined- the
analysis of decision-making processes in organisations and the deployment of
systems development methods by designers in the field.

The Rank-Frequency Analysis for the Functional Style Corpora in the
  Ukrainian Language
We use the rank-frequency analysis for the estimation of Kernel Vocabulary
size within specific corpora of Ukrainian. The extrapolation of high-rank
behaviour is utilized for estimation of the total vocabulary size.

Measuring the Functional Load of Phonological Contrasts
Frequency counts are a measure of how much use a language makes of a
linguistic unit, such as a phoneme or word. However, what is often important is
not the units themselves, but the contrasts between them. A measure is
therefore needed for how much use a language makes of a contrast, i.e. the
functional load (FL) of the contrast. We generalize previous work in
linguistics and speech recognition and propose a family of measures for the FL
of several phonological contrasts, including phonemic oppositions, distinctive
features, suprasegmentals, and phonological rules. We then test it for
robustness to changes of corpora. Finally, we provide examples in Cantonese,
Dutch, English, German and Mandarin, in the context of historical linguistics,
language acquisition and speech recognition. More information can be found at
http://dinoj.info/research/fload

Lexical Base as a Compressed Language Model of the World (on the
  material of the Ukrainian language)
In the article the fact is verified that the list of words selected by formal
statistical methods (frequency and functional genre unrestrictedness) is not a
conglomerate of non-related words. It creates a system of interrelated items
and it can be named "lexical base of language". This selected list of words
covers all the spheres of human activities. To verify this statement the
invariant synoptical scheme common for ideographic dictionaries of different
language was determined.

Polarity sensitivity and evaluation order in type-logical grammar
We present a novel, type-logical analysis of_polarity sensitivity_: how
negative polarity items (like "any" and "ever") or positive ones (like "some")
are licensed or prohibited. It takes not just scopal relations but also linear
order into account, using the programming-language notions of delimited
continuations and evaluation order, respectively. It thus achieves greater
empirical coverage than previous proposals.

Tabular Parsing
This is a tutorial on tabular parsing, on the basis of tabulation of
nondeterministic push-down automata. Discussed are Earley's algorithm, the
Cocke-Kasami-Younger algorithm, tabular LR parsing, the construction of parse
trees, and further issues.

Test Collections for Patent-to-Patent Retrieval and Patent Map
  Generation in NTCIR-4 Workshop
This paper describes the Patent Retrieval Task in the Fourth NTCIR Workshop,
and the test collections produced in this task. We perform the invalidity
search task, in which each participant group searches a patent collection for
the patents that can invalidate the demand in an existing claim. We also
perform the automatic patent map generation task, in which the patents
associated with a specific topic are organized in a multi-dimensional matrix.

A Probabilistic Model of Machine Translation
A probabilistic model for computer-based generation of a machine translation
system on the basis of English-Russian parallel text corpora is suggested. The
model is trained using parallel text corpora with pre-aligned source and target
sentences. The training of the model results in a bilingual dictionary of words
and "word blocks" with relevant translation probability.

Catching the Drift: Probabilistic Content Models, with Applications to
  Generation and Summarization
We consider the problem of modeling the content structure of texts within a
specific domain, in terms of the topics the texts address and the order in
which these topics appear. We first present an effective knowledge-lean method
for learning content models from un-annotated documents, utilizing a novel
adaptation of algorithms for Hidden Markov Models. We then apply our method to
two complementary tasks: information ordering and extractive summarization. Our
experiments show that incorporating content models in these applications yields
substantial improvement over previously-proposed methods.

A Public Reference Implementation of the RAP Anaphora Resolution
  Algorithm
This paper describes a standalone, publicly-available implementation of the
Resolution of Anaphora Procedure (RAP) given by Lappin and Leass (1994). The
RAP algorithm resolves third person pronouns, lexical anaphors, and identifies
pleonastic pronouns. Our implementation, JavaRAP, fills a current need in
anaphora resolution research by providing a reference implementation that can
be benchmarked against current algorithms. The implementation uses the
standard, publicly available Charniak (2000) parser as input, and generates a
list of anaphora-antecedent pairs as output. Alternately, an in-place
annotation or substitution of the anaphors with their antecedents can be
produced. Evaluation on the MUC-6 co-reference task shows that JavaRAP has an
accuracy of 57.9%, similar to the performance given previously in the
literature (e.g., Preiss 2002).

Building a linguistic corpus from bee dance data
This paper discusses the problems and possibility of collecting bee dance
data in a linguistic \textit{corpus} and use linguistic instruments such as
Zipf's law and entropy statistics to decide on the question whether the dance
carries information of any kind. We describe this against the historical
background of attempts to analyse non-human communication systems.

Annotating Predicate-Argument Structure for a Parallel Treebank
We report on a recently initiated project which aims at building a
multi-layered parallel treebank of English and German. Particular attention is
devoted to a dedicated predicate-argument layer which is used for aligning
translationally equivalent sentences of the two languages. We describe both our
conceptual decisions and aspects of their technical realisation. We discuss
some selected problems and conclude with a few remarks on how this project
relates to similar projects in the field.

Statistical Machine Translation by Generalized Parsing
Designers of statistical machine translation (SMT) systems have begun to
employ tree-structured translation models. Systems involving tree-structured
translation models tend to be complex. This article aims to reduce the
conceptual complexity of such systems, in order to make them easier to design,
implement, debug, use, study, understand, explain, modify, and improve. In
service of this goal, the article extends the theory of semiring parsing to
arrive at a novel abstract parsing algorithm with five functional parameters: a
logic, a grammar, a semiring, a search strategy, and a termination condition.
The article then shows that all the common algorithms that revolve around
tree-structured translation models, including hierarchical alignment, inference
for parameter estimation, translation, and structured evaluation, can be
derived by generalizing two of these parameters -- the grammar and the logic.
The article culminates with a recipe for using such generalized parsers to
train, apply, and evaluate an SMT system that is driven by tree-structured
translation models.

Summarizing Encyclopedic Term Descriptions on the Web
We are developing an automatic method to compile an encyclopedic corpus from
the Web. In our previous work, paragraph-style descriptions for a term are
extracted from Web pages and organized based on domains. However, these
descriptions are independent and do not comprise a condensed text as in
hand-crafted encyclopedias. To resolve this problem, we propose a summarization
method, which produces a single text from multiple descriptions. The resultant
summary concisely describes a term from different viewpoints. We also show the
effectiveness of our method by means of experiments.

Unsupervised Topic Adaptation for Lecture Speech Retrieval
We are developing a cross-media information retrieval system, in which users
can view specific segments of lecture videos by submitting text queries. To
produce a text index, the audio track is extracted from a lecture video and a
transcription is generated by automatic speech recognition. In this paper, to
improve the quality of our retrieval system, we extensively investigate the
effects of adapting acoustic and language models on speech recognition. We
perform an MLLR-based method to adapt an acoustic model. To obtain a corpus for
language model adaptation, we use the textbook for a target lecture to search a
Web collection for the pages associated with the lecture topic. We show the
effectiveness of our method by means of experiments.

Effects of Language Modeling on Speech-driven Question Answering
We integrate automatic speech recognition (ASR) and question answering (QA)
to realize a speech-driven QA system, and evaluate its performance. We adapt an
N-gram language model to natural language questions, so that the input of our
system can be recognized with a high accuracy. We target WH-questions which
consist of the topic part and fixed phrase used to ask about something. We
first produce a general N-gram model intended to recognize the topic and
emphasize the counts of the N-grams that correspond to the fixed phrases. Given
a transcription by the ASR engine, the QA engine extracts the answer candidates
from target documents. We propose a passage retrieval method robust against
recognition errors in the transcription. We use the QA test collection produced
in NTCIR, which is a TREC-style evaluation workshop, and show the effectiveness
of our method by means of experiments.

A Bimachine Compiler for Ranked Tagging Rules
This paper describes a novel method of compiling ranked tagging rules into a
deterministic finite-state device called a bimachine. The rules are formulated
in the framework of regular rewrite operations and allow unrestricted regular
expressions in both left and right rule contexts. The compiler is illustrated
by an application within a speech synthesis system.

Application of the Double Metaphone Algorithm to Amharic Orthography
The Metaphone algorithm applies the phonetic encoding of orthographic
sequences to simplify words prior to comparison. While Metaphone has been
highly successful for the English language, for which it was designed, it may
not be applied directly to Ethiopian languages. The paper details how the
principles of Metaphone can be applied to Ethiopic script and uses Amharic as a
case study. Match results improve as specific considerations are made for
Amharic writing practices. Results are shown to improve further when common
errors from Amharic input methods are considered.

Proofing Tools Technology at Neurosoft S.A.
The aim of this paper is to present the R&D activities carried out at
Neurosoft S.A. regarding the development of proofing tools for Modern Greek.
Firstly, we focus on infrastructure issues that we faced during our initial
steps. Subsequently, we describe the most important insights of three proofing
tools developed by Neurosoft, i.e. the spelling checker, the hyphenator and the
thesaurus, outlining their efficiencies and inefficiencies. Finally, we discuss
some improvement ideas and give our future directions.

Verbal chunk extraction in French using limited resources
A way of extracting French verbal chunks, inflected and infinitive, is
explored and tested on effective corpus. Declarative morphological and local
grammar rules specifying chunks and some simple contextual structures are used,
relying on limited lexical information and some simple heuristic/statistic
properties obtained from restricted corpora. The specific goals, the
architecture and the formalism of the system, the linguistic information on
which it relies and the obtained results on effective corpus are presented.

An electronic dictionary as a basis for NLP tools: The Greek case
The existence of a Dictionary in electronic form for Modern Greek (MG) is
mandatory if one is to process MG at the morphological and syntactic levels
since MG is a highly inflectional language with marked stress and a spelling
system with many characteristics carried over from Ancient Greek. Moreover,
such a tool becomes necessary if one is to create efficient and sophisticated
NLP applications with substantial linguistic backing and coverage. The present
paper will focus on the deployment of such an electronic dictionary for Modern
Greek, which was built in two phases: first it was constructed to be the basis
for a spelling correction schema and then it was reconstructed in order to
become the platform for the deployment of a wider spectrum of NLP tools.

A Model for Fine-Grained Alignment of Multilingual Texts
While alignment of texts on the sentential level is often seen as being too
coarse, and word alignment as being too fine-grained, bi- or multilingual texts
which are aligned on a level in-between are a useful resource for many
purposes. Starting from a number of examples of non-literal translations, which
tend to make alignment difficult, we describe an alignment model which copes
with these cases by explicitly coding them. The model is based on
predicate-argument structures and thus covers the middle ground between
sentence and word alignment. The model is currently used in a recently
initiated project of a parallel English-German treebank (FuSe), which can in
principle be extended with additional languages.

A Sentimental Education: Sentiment Analysis Using Subjectivity
  Summarization Based on Minimum Cuts
Sentiment analysis seeks to identify the viewpoint(s) underlying a text span;
an example application is classifying a movie review as "thumbs up" or "thumbs
down". To determine this sentiment polarity, we propose a novel
machine-learning method that applies text-categorization techniques to just the
subjective portions of the document. Extracting these portions can be
implemented using efficient techniques for finding minimum cuts in graphs; this
greatly facilitates incorporation of cross-sentence contextual constraints.

A Tutorial on the Expectation-Maximization Algorithm Including
  Maximum-Likelihood Estimation and EM Training of Probabilistic Context-Free
  Grammars
The paper gives a brief review of the expectation-maximization algorithm
(Dempster 1977) in the comprehensible framework of discrete mathematics. In
Section 2, two prominent estimation methods, the relative-frequency estimation
and the maximum-likelihood estimation are presented. Section 3 is dedicated to
the expectation-maximization algorithm and a simpler variant, the generalized
expectation-maximization algorithm. In Section 4, two loaded dice are rolled. A
more interesting example is presented in Section 5: The estimation of
probabilistic context-free grammars.

Inside-Outside Estimation Meets Dynamic EM
We briefly review the inside-outside and EM algorithm for probabilistic
context-free grammars. As a result, we formally prove that inside-outside
estimation is a dynamic-programming variant of EM. This is interesting in its
own right, but even more when considered in a theoretical context since the
well-known convergence behavior of inside-outside estimation has been confirmed
by many experiments but apparently has never been formally proved. However,
being a version of EM, inside-outside estimation also inherits the good
convergence behavior of EM. Therefore, the as yet imperfect line of
argumentation can be transformed into a coherent proof.

State of the Art, Evaluation and Recommendations regarding "Document
  Processing and Visualization Techniques"
Several Networks of Excellence have been set up in the framework of the
European FP5 research program. Among these Networks of Excellence, the NEMIS
project focuses on the field of Text Mining.
  Within this field, document processing and visualization was identified as
one of the key topics and the WG1 working group was created in the NEMIS
project, to carry out a detailed survey of techniques associated with the text
mining process and to identify the relevant research topics in related research
areas.
  In this document we present the results of this comprehensive survey. The
report includes a description of the current state-of-the-art and practice, a
roadmap for follow-up research in the identified areas, and recommendations for
anticipated technological development in the domain of text mining.

Thematic Annotation: extracting concepts out of documents
Contrarily to standard approaches to topic annotation, the technique used in
this work does not centrally rely on some sort of -- possibly statistical --
keyword extraction. In fact, the proposed annotation algorithm uses a large
scale semantic database -- the EDR Electronic Dictionary -- that provides a
concept hierarchy based on hyponym and hypernym relations. This concept
hierarchy is used to generate a synthetic representation of the document by
aggregating the words present in topically homogeneous document segments into a
set of concepts best preserving the document's content.
  This new extraction technique uses an unexplored approach to topic selection.
Instead of using semantic similarity measures based on a semantic resource, the
later is processed to extract the part of the conceptual hierarchy relevant to
the document content. Then this conceptual hierarchy is searched to extract the
most relevant set of concepts to represent the topics discussed in the
document. Notice that this algorithm is able to extract generic concepts that
are not directly present in the document.

Multi-document Biography Summarization
In this paper we describe a biography summarization system using sentence
classification and ideas from information retrieval. Although the individual
techniques are not new, assembling and applying them to generate multi-document
biographies is new. Our system was evaluated in DUC2004. It is among the top
performers in task 5-short summaries focused by person questions.

A Matter of Opinion: Sentiment Analysis and Business Intelligence
  (position paper)
A general-audience introduction to the area of "sentiment analysis", the
computational treatment of subjective, opinion-oriented language (an example
application is determining whether a review is "thumbs up" or "thumbs down").
Some challenges, applications to business-intelligence tasks, and potential
future directions are described.

Word sense disambiguation criteria: a systematic study
This article describes the results of a systematic in-depth study of the
criteria used for word sense disambiguation. Our study is based on 60 target
words: 20 nouns, 20 adjectives and 20 verbs. Our results are not always in line
with some practices in the field. For example, we show that omitting
non-content words decreases performance and that bigrams yield better results
than unigrams.

Using phonetic constraints in acoustic-to-articulatory inversion
The goal of this work is to recover articulatory information from the speech
signal by acoustic-to-articulatory inversion. One of the main difficulties with
inversion is that the problem is underdetermined and inversion methods
generally offer no guarantee on the phonetical realism of the inverse
solutions. A way to adress this issue is to use additional phonetic
constraints. Knowledge of the phonetic caracteristics of French vowels enable
the derivation of reasonable articulatory domains in the space of Maeda
parameters: given the formants frequencies (F1,F2,F3) of a speech sample, and
thus the vowel identity, an "ideal" articulatory domain can be derived. The
space of formants frequencies is partitioned into vowels, using either
speaker-specific data or generic information on formants. Then, to each
articulatory vector can be associated a phonetic score varying with the
distance to the "ideal domain" associated with the corresponding vowel.
Inversion experiments were conducted on isolated vowels and vowel-to-vowel
transitions. Articulatory parameters were compared with those obtained without
using these constraints and those measured from X-ray data.

An elitist approach for extracting automatically well-realized speech
  sounds with high confidence
This paper presents an "elitist approach" for extracting automatically
well-realized speech sounds with high confidence. The elitist approach uses a
speech recognition system based on Hidden Markov Models (HMM). The HMM are
trained on speech sounds which are systematically well-detected in an iterative
procedure. The results show that, by using the HMM models defined in the
training phase, the speech recognizer detects reliably specific speech sounds
with a small rate of errors.

Statistical Parameters of the Novel "Perekhresni stezhky" ("The
  Cross-Paths") by Ivan Franko
In the paper, a complex statistical characteristics of a Ukrainian novel is
given for the first time. The distribution of word-forms with respect to their
size is studied. The linguistic laws by Zipf-Mandelbrot and Altmann-Menzerath
are analyzed.

Analyzing language development from a network approach
In this paper we propose some new measures of language development using
network analyses, which is inspired by the recent surge of interests in network
studies of many real-world systems. Children's and care-takers' speech data
from a longitudinal study are represented as a series of networks, word forms
being taken as nodes and collocation of words as links. Measures on the
properties of the networks, such as size, connectivity, hub and authority
analyses, etc., allow us to make quantitative comparison so as to reveal
different paths of development. For example, the asynchrony of development in
network size and average degree suggests that children cannot be simply
classified as early talkers or late talkers by one or two measures. Children
follow different paths in a multi-dimensional space. They may develop faster in
one dimension but slower in another dimension. The network approach requires
little preprocessing of words and analyses on sentence structures, and the
characteristics of words and their usage emerge from the network and are
independent of any grammatical presumptions. We show that the change of the two
articles "the" and "a" in their roles as important nodes in the network
reflects the progress of children's syntactic development: the two articles
often start in children's networks as hubs and later shift to authorities,
while they are authorities constantly in the adult's networks. The network
analyses provide a new approach to study language development, and at the same
time language development also presents a rich area for network theories to
explore.

Unification of multi-lingual scientific terminological resources using
  the ISO 16642 standard. The TermSciences initiative
This paper presents the TermSciences portal, which deals with the
implementation of a conceptual model that uses the recent ISO 16642 standard
(Terminological Markup Framework). This standard turns out to be suitable for
concept modeling since it allowed for organizing the original resources by
concepts and to associate the various terms for a given concept. Additional
structuring is produced by sharing conceptual relationships, that is,
cross-linking of resource results through the introduction of semantic
relations which may have initially be missing.

Foundations of Modern Language Resource Archives
A number of serious reasons will convince an increasing amount of researchers
to store their relevant material in centers which we will call "language
resource archives". They combine the duty of taking care of long-term
preservation as well as the task to give access to their material to different
user groups. Access here is meant in the sense that an active interaction with
the data will be made possible to support the integration of new data, new
versions or commentaries of all sort. Modern Language Resource Archives will
have to adhere to a number of basic principles to fulfill all requirements and
they will have to be involved in federations to create joint language resource
domains making it even more simple for the researchers to access the data. This
paper makes an attempt to formulate the essential pillars language resource
archives have to adhere to.

Building a resource for studying translation shifts
This paper describes an interdisciplinary approach which brings together the
fields of corpus linguistics and translation studies. It presents ongoing work
on the creation of a corpus resource in which translation shifts are explicitly
annotated. Translation shifts denote departures from formal correspondence
between source and target text, i.e. deviations that have occurred during the
translation process. A resource in which such shifts are annotated in a
systematic way will make it possible to study those phenomena that need to be
addressed if machine translation output is to resemble human translation. The
resource described in this paper contains English source texts (parliamentary
proceedings) and their German translations. The shift annotation is based on
predicate-argument structures and proceeds in two steps: first, predicates and
their arguments are annotated monolingually in a straightforward manner. Then,
the corresponding English and German predicates and arguments are aligned with
each other. Whenever a shift - mainly grammatical or semantic -has occurred,
the alignment is tagged accordingly.

Raisonner avec des diagrammes : perspectives cognitives et
  computationnelles
Diagrammatic, analogical or iconic representations are often contrasted with
linguistic or logical representations, in which the shape of the symbols is
arbitrary. The aim of this paper is to make a case for the usefulness of
diagrams in inferential knowledge representation systems. Although commonly
used, diagrams have for a long time suffered from the reputation of being only
a heuristic tool or a mere support for intuition. The first part of this paper
is an historical background paying tribute to the logicians, psychologists and
computer scientists who put an end to this formal prejudice against diagrams.
The second part is a discussion of their characteristics as opposed to those of
linguistic forms. The last part is aimed at reviving the interest for
heterogeneous representation systems including both linguistic and diagrammatic
representations.

Improving Term Extraction with Terminological Resources
Studies of different term extractors on a corpus of the biomedical domain
revealed decreasing performances when applied to highly technical texts. The
difficulty or impossibility of customising them to new domains is an additional
limitation. In this paper, we propose to use external terminologies to
influence generic linguistic data in order to augment the quality of the
extraction. The tool we implemented exploits testified terms at different steps
of the process: chunking, parsing and extraction of term candidates.
Experiments reported here show that, using this method, more term candidates
can be acquired with a higher level of reliability. We further describe the
extraction process involving endogenous disambiguation implemented in the term
extractor YaTeA.

Challenging the principle of compositionality in interpreting natural
  language texts
The paper aims at emphasizing that, even relaxed, the hypothesis of
compositionality has to face many problems when used for interpreting natural
language texts. Rather than fixing these problems within the compositional
framework, we believe that a more radical change is necessary, and propose
another approach.

The role of time in considering collections
The paper concerns the understanding of plurals in the framework of
Artificial Intelligence and emphasizes the role of time. The construction of
collection(s) and their evolution across time is often crucial and has to be
accounted for. The paper contrasts a "de dicto" collection where the collection
can be considered as persisting over these situations even if its members
change with a "de re" collection whose composition does not vary through time.
It expresses different criteria of choice between the two interpretations (de
re and de dicto) depending on the context of enunciation.

The JRC-Acquis: A multilingual aligned parallel corpus with 20+
  languages
We present a new, unique and freely available parallel corpus containing
European Union (EU) documents of mostly legal nature. It is available in all 20
official EUanguages, with additional documents being available in the languages
of the EU candidate countries. The corpus consists of almost 8,000 documents
per language, with an average size of nearly 9 million words per language.
Pair-wise paragraph alignment information produced by two different aligners
(Vanilla and HunAlign) is available for all 190+ language pair combinations.
Most texts have been manually classified according to the EUROVOC subject
domains so that the collection can also be used to train and test multi-label
classification algorithms and keyword-assignment software. The corpus is
encoded in XML, according to the Text Encoding Initiative Guidelines. Due to
the large number of parallel texts in many languages, the JRC-Acquis is
particularly suitable to carry out all types of cross-language research, as
well as to test and benchmark text analysis software across different languages
(for instance for alignment, sentence splitting and term extraction).

DepAnn - An Annotation Tool for Dependency Treebanks
DepAnn is an interactive annotation tool for dependency treebanks, providing
both graphical and text-based annotation interfaces. The tool is aimed for
semi-automatic creation of treebanks. It aids the manual inspection and
correction of automatically created parses, making the annotation process
faster and less error-prone. A novel feature of the tool is that it enables the
user to view outputs from several parsers as the basis for creating the final
tree to be saved to the treebank. DepAnn uses TIGER-XML, an XML-based general
encoding format for both, representing the parser outputs and saving the
annotated treebank. The tool includes an automatic consistency checker for
sentence structures. In addition, the tool enables users to build structures
manually, add comments on the annotations, modify the tagsets, and mark
sentences for further revision.

Dependency Treebanks: Methods, Annotation Schemes and Tools
In this paper, current dependencybased treebanks are introduced and analyzed.
The methods used for building the resources, the annotation schemes applied,
and the tools used (such as POS taggers, parsers and annotation software) are
discussed.

Un modle gnrique d'organisation de corpus en ligne: application
   la FReeBank
The few available French resources for evaluating linguistic models or
algorithms on other linguistic levels than morpho-syntax are either
insufficient from quantitative as well as qualitative point of view or not
freely accessible. Based on this fact, the FREEBANK project intends to create
French corpora constructed using manually revised output from a hybrid
Constraint Grammar parser and annotated on several linguistic levels
(structure, morpho-syntax, syntax, coreference), with the objective to make
them available on-line for research purposes. Therefore, we will focus on using
standard annotation schemes, integration of existing resources and maintenance
allowing for continuous enrichment of the annotations. Prior to the actual
presentation of the prototype that has been implemented, this paper describes a
generic model for the organization and deployment of a linguistic resource
archive, in compliance with the various works currently conducted within
international standardization initiatives (TEI and ISO/TC 37/SC 4).

Scaling Construction Grammar up to Production Systems: the SCIM
While a great effort has concerned the development of fully integrated
modular understanding systems, few researches have focused on the problem of
unifying existing linguistic formalisms with cognitive processing models. The
Situated Constructional Interpretation Model is one of these attempts. In this
model, the notion of "construction" has been adapted in order to be able to
mimic the behavior of Production Systems. The Construction Grammar approach
establishes a model of the relations between linguistic forms and meaning, by
the mean of constructions. The latter can be considered as pairings from a
topologically structured space to an unstructured space, in some way a special
kind of production rules.

An Anthological Review of Research Utilizing MontyLingua, a Python-Based
  End-to-End Text Processor
MontyLingua, an integral part of ConceptNet which is currently the largest
commonsense knowledge base, is an English text processor developed using Python
programming language in MIT Media Lab. The main feature of MontyLingua is the
coverage for all aspects of English text processing from raw input text to
semantic meanings and summary generation, yet each component in MontyLingua is
loosely-coupled to each other at the architectural and code level, which
enabled individual components to be used independently or substituted. However,
there has been no review exploring the role of MontyLingua in recent research
work utilizing it. This paper aims to review the use of and roles played by
MontyLingua and its components in research work published in 19 articles
between October 2004 and August 2006. We had observed a diversified use of
MontyLingua in many different areas, both generic and domain-specific. Although
the use of text summarizing component had not been observe, we are optimistic
that it will have a crucial role in managing the current trend of information
overload in future research.

Complex networks and human language
This paper introduces how human languages can be studied in light of recent
development of network theories. There are two directions of exploration. One
is to study networks existing in the language system. Various lexical networks
can be built based on different relationships between words, being semantic or
syntactic. Recent studies have shown that these lexical networks exhibit
small-world and scale-free features. The other direction of exploration is to
study networks of language users (i.e. social networks of people in the
linguistic community), and their role in language evolution. Social networks
also show small-world and scale-free features, which cannot be captured by
random or regular network models. In the past, computational models of language
change and language emergence often assume a population to have a random or
regular structure, and there has been little discussion how network structures
may affect the dynamics. In the second part of the paper, a series of
simulation models of diffusion of linguistic innovation are used to illustrate
the importance of choosing realistic conditions of population structure for
modeling language change. Four types of social networks are compared, which
exhibit two categories of diffusion dynamics. While the questions about which
type of networks are more appropriate for modeling still remains, we give some
preliminary suggestions for choosing the type of social networks for modeling.

A Note on Local Ultrametricity in Text
High dimensional, sparsely populated data spaces have been characterized in
terms of ultrametric topology. This implies that there are natural, not
necessarily unique, tree or hierarchy structures defined by the ultrametric
topology. In this note we study the extent of local ultrametric topology in
texts, with the aim of finding unique ``fingerprints'' for a text or corpus,
discriminating between texts from different domains, and opening up the
possibility of exploiting hierarchical structures in the data. We use coherent
and meaningful collections of over 1000 texts, comprising over 1.3 million
words.

Menzerath-Altmann Law for Syntactic Structures in Ukrainian
In the paper, the definition of clause suitable for an automated processing
of a Ukrainian text is proposed. The Menzerath-Altmann law is verified on the
sentence level and the parameters for the dependences of the clause length
counted in words and syllables on the sentence length counted in clauses are
calculated for "Perekhresni Stezhky" ("The Cross-Paths"), a novel by Ivan
Franko.

Random Sentences from a Generalized Phrase-Structure Grammar Interpreter
In numerous domains in cognitive science it is often useful to have a source
for randomly generated corpora. These corpora may serve as a foundation for
artificial stimuli in a learning experiment (e.g., Ellefson & Christiansen,
2000), or as input into computational models (e.g., Christiansen & Dale, 2001).
The following compact and general C program interprets a phrase-structure
grammar specified in a text file. It follows parameters set at a Unix or
Unix-based command-line and generates a corpus of random sentences from that
grammar.

Network statistics on early English Syntax: Structural criteria
This paper includes a reflection on the role of networks in the study of
English language acquisition, as well as a collection of practical criteria to
annotate free-speech corpora from children utterances. At the theoretical
level, the main claim of this paper is that syntactic networks should be
interpreted as the outcome of the use of the syntactic machinery. Thus, the
intrinsic features of such machinery are not accessible directly from (known)
network properties. Rather, what one can see are the global patterns of its use
and, thus, a global view of the power and organization of the underlying
grammar. Taking a look into more practical issues, the paper examines how to
build a net from the projection of syntactic relations. Recall that, as opposed
to adult grammars, early-child language has not a well-defined concept of
structure. To overcome such difficulty, we develop a set of systematic criteria
assuming constituency hierarchy and a grammar based on lexico-thematic
relations. At the end, what we obtain is a well defined corpora annotation that
enables us i) to perform statistics on the size of structures and ii) to build
a network from syntactic relations over which we can perform the standard
measures of complexity. We also provide a detailed example.

International Standard for a Linguistic Annotation Framework
This paper describes the Linguistic Annotation Framework under development
within ISO TC37 SC4 WG1. The Linguistic Annotation Framework is intended to
serve as a basis for harmonizing existing language resources as well as
developing new ones.

A Formal Model of Dictionary Structure and Content
We show that a general model of lexical information conforms to an abstract
model that reflects the hierarchy of information found in a typical dictionary
entry. We show that this model can be mapped into a well-formed XML document,
and how the XSL transformation language can be used to implement a semantics
defined over the abstract model to enable extraction and manipulation of the
information in any format.

Learning Phonotactics Using ILP
This paper describes experiments on learning Dutch phonotactic rules using
Inductive Logic Programming, a machine learning discipline based on inductive
logical operators. Two different ways of approaching the problem are
experimented with, and compared against each other as well as with related work
on the task. The results show a direct correspondence between the quality and
informedness of the background knowledge and the constructed theory,
demonstrating the ability of ILP to take good advantage of the prior domain
knowledge available. Further research is outlined.

Bootstrapping Deep Lexical Resources: Resources for Courses
We propose a range of deep lexical acquisition methods which make use of
morphological, syntactic and ontological language resources to model word
similarity and bootstrap from a seed lexicon. The different methods are
deployed in learning lexical items for a precision grammar, and shown to each
have strengths and weaknesses over different word classes. A particular focus
of this paper is the relative accessibility of different language resource
types, and predicted ``bang for the buck'' associated with each in deep lexical
acquisition applications.

On the role of autocorrelations in texts
The task of finding a criterion allowing to distinguish a text from an
arbitrary set of words is rather relevant in itself, for instance, in the
aspect of development of means for internet-content indexing or separating
signals and noise in communication channels. The Zipf law is currently
considered to be the most reliable criterion of this kind [3]. At any rate,
conventional stochastic word sets do not meet this law. The present paper deals
with one of possible criteria based on the determination of the degree of data
compression.

On the fractal nature of mutual relevance sequences in the Internet news
  message flows
In the task of information retrieval the term relevance is taken to mean
formal conformity of a document given by the retrieval system to user's
information query. As a rule, the documents found by the retrieval system
should be submitted to the user in a certain order. Therefore, a retrieval
perceived as a selection of documents formally solving the user's query, should
be supplemented with a certain procedure of processing a relevant set. It would
be natural to introduce a quantitative measure of document conformity to query,
i.e. the relevance measure. Since no single rule exists for the determination
of the relevance measure, we shall consider two of them which are the simplest
in our opinion. The proposed approach does not suppose any restrictions and can
be applied to other relevance measures.

Generating models for temporal representations
We discuss the use of model building for temporal representations. We chose
Polish to illustrate our discussion because it has an interesting aspectual
system, but the points we wish to make are not language specific. Rather, our
goal is to develop theoretical and computational tools for temporal model
building tasks in computational semantics. To this end, we present a
first-order theory of time and events which is rich enough to capture
interesting semantic distinctions, and an algorithm which takes minimal models
for first-order theories and systematically attempts to ``perturb'' their
temporal component to provide non-minimal, but semantically significant,
models.

Using Description Logics for Recognising Textual Entailment
The aim of this paper is to show how we can handle the Recognising Textual
Entailment (RTE) task by using Description Logics (DLs). To do this, we propose
a representation of natural language semantics in DLs inspired by existing
representations in first-order logic. But our most significant contribution is
the definition of two novel inference tasks: A-Box saturation and subgraph
detection which are crucial for our approach to RTE.

Some Reflections on the Task of Content Determination in the Context of
  Multi-Document Summarization of Evolving Events
Despite its importance, the task of summarizing evolving events has received
small attention by researchers in the field of multi-document summariztion. In
a previous paper (Afantenos et al. 2007) we have presented a methodology for
the automatic summarization of documents, emitted by multiple sources, which
describe the evolution of an event. At the heart of this methodology lies the
identification of similarities and differences between the various documents,
in two axes: the synchronic and the diachronic. This is achieved by the
introduction of the notion of Synchronic and Diachronic Relations. Those
relations connect the messages that are found in the documents, resulting thus
in a graph which we call grid. Although the creation of the grid completes the
Document Planning phase of a typical NLG architecture, it can be the case that
the number of messages contained in a grid is very large, exceeding thus the
required compression rate. In this paper we provide some initial thoughts on a
probabilistic model which can be applied at the Content Determination stage,
and which tries to alleviate this problem.

Discriminative Phoneme Sequences Extraction for Non-Native Speaker's
  Origin Classification
In this paper we present an automated method for the classification of the
origin of non-native speakers. The origin of non-native speakers could be
identified by a human listener based on the detection of typical pronunciations
for each nationality. Thus we suppose the existence of several phoneme
sequences that might allow the classification of the origin of non-native
speakers. Our new method is based on the extraction of discriminative sequences
of phonemes from a non-native English speech database. These sequences are used
to construct a probabilistic classifier for the speakers' origin. The existence
of discriminative phone sequences in non-native speech is a significant result
of this work. The system that we have developed achieved a significant correct
classification rate of 96.3% and a significant error reduction compared to some
other tested techniques.

Combined Acoustic and Pronunciation Modelling for Non-Native Speech
  Recognition
In this paper, we present several adaptation methods for non-native speech
recognition. We have tested pronunciation modelling, MLLR and MAP non-native
pronunciation adaptation and HMM models retraining on the HIWIRE foreign
accented English speech database. The ``phonetic confusion'' scheme we have
developed consists in associating to each spoken phone several sequences of
confused phones. In our experiments, we have used different combinations of
acoustic models representing the canonical and the foreign pronunciations:
spoken and native models, models adapted to the non-native accent with MAP and
MLLR. The joint use of pronunciation modelling and acoustic adaptation led to
further improvements in recognition accuracy. The best combination of the above
mentioned techniques resulted in a relative word error reduction ranging from
46% to 71%.

Amlioration des Performances des Systmes Automatiques de
  Reconnaissance de la Parole pour la Parole Non Native
In this article, we present an approach for non native automatic speech
recognition (ASR). We propose two methods to adapt existing ASR systems to the
non-native accents. The first method is based on the modification of acoustic
models through integration of acoustic models from the mother tong. The
phonemes of the target language are pronounced in a similar manner to the
native language of speakers. We propose to combine the models of confused
phonemes so that the ASR system could recognize both concurrent
pronounciations. The second method we propose is a refinment of the
pronounciation error detection through the introduction of graphemic
constraints. Indeed, non native speakers may rely on the writing of words in
their uttering. Thus, the pronounctiation errors might depend on the characters
composing the words. The average error rate reduction that we observed is
(22.5%) relative for the sentence error rate, and 34.5% (relative) in word
error rate.

Proof nets for display logic
This paper explores several extensions of proof nets for the Lambek calculus
in order to handle the different connectives of display logic in a natural way.
The new proof net calculus handles some recent additions to the Lambek
vocabulary such as Galois connections and Grishin interactions. It concludes
with an exploration of the generative capacity of the Lambek-Grishin calculus,
presenting an embedding of lexicalized tree adjoining grammars into the
Lambek-Grishin calculus.

Morphological annotation of Korean with Directly Maintainable Resources
This article describes an exclusively resource-based method of morphological
annotation of written Korean text. Korean is an agglutinative language. Our
annotator is designed to process text before the operation of a syntactic
parser. In its present state, it annotates one-stem words only. The output is a
graph of morphemes annotated with accurate linguistic information. The
granularity of the tagset is 3 to 5 times higher than usual tagsets. A
comparison with a reference annotated corpus showed that it achieves 89% recall
without any corpus training. The language resources used by the system are
lexicons of stems, transducers of suffixes and transducers of generation of
allomorphs. All can be easily updated, which allows users to control the
evolution of the performances of the system. It has been claimed that
morphological annotation of Korean text could only be performed by a
morphological analysis module accessing a lexicon of morphemes. We show that it
can also be performed directly with a lexicon of words and without applying
morphological rules at annotation time, which speeds up annotation to 1,210
word/s. The lexicon of words is obtained from the maintainable language
resources through a fully automated compilation process.

Lexicon management and standard formats
International standards for lexicon formats are in preparation. To a certain
extent, the proposed formats converge with prior results of standardization
projects. However, their adequacy for (i) lexicon management and (ii)
lexicon-driven applications have been little debated in the past, nor are they
as a part of the present standardization effort. We examine these issues. IGM
has developed XML formats compatible with the emerging international standards,
and we report experimental results on large-coverage lexica.

In memoriam Maurice Gross
Maurice Gross (1934-2001) was both a great linguist and a pioneer in natural
language processing. This article is written in homage to his memory

A resource-based Korean morphological annotation system
We describe a resource-based method of morphological annotation of written
Korean text. Korean is an agglutinative language. The output of our system is a
graph of morphemes annotated with accurate linguistic information. The language
resources used by the system can be easily updated, which allows us-ers to
control the evolution of the per-formances of the system. We show that
morphological annotation of Korean text can be performed directly with a
lexicon of words and without morpho-logical rules.

Graphes paramtrs et outils de lexicalisation
Shifting to a lexicalized grammar reduces the number of parsing errors and
improves application results. However, such an operation affects a syntactic
parser in all its aspects. One of our research objectives is to design a
realistic model for grammar lexicalization. We carried out experiments for
which we used a grammar with a very simple content and formalism, and a very
informative syntactic lexicon, the lexicon-grammar of French elaborated by the
LADL. Lexicalization was performed by applying the parameterized-graph
approach. Our results tend to show that most information in the lexicon-grammar
can be transferred into a grammar and exploited successfully for the syntactic
parsing of sentences.

Evaluation of a Grammar of French Determiners
Existing syntactic grammars of natural languages, even with a far from
complete coverage, are complex objects. Assessments of the quality of parts of
such grammars are useful for the validation of their construction. We evaluated
the quality of a grammar of French determiners that takes the form of a
recursive transition network. The result of the application of this local
grammar gives deeper syntactic information than chunking or information
available in treebanks. We performed the evaluation by comparison with a corpus
independently annotated with information on determiners. We obtained 86%
precision and 92% recall on text not tagged for parts of speech.

Very strict selectional restrictions
We discuss the characteristics and behaviour of two parallel classes of verbs
in two Romance languages, French and Portuguese. Examples of these verbs are
Port. abater [gado] and Fr. abattre [b\'etail], both meaning "slaughter
[cattle]". In both languages, the definition of the class of verbs includes
several features: - They have only one essential complement, which is a direct
object. - The nominal distribution of the complement is very limited, i.e., few
nouns can be selected as head nouns of the complement. However, this selection
is not restricted to a single noun, as would be the case for verbal idioms such
as Fr. monter la garde "mount guard". - We excluded from the class
constructions which are reductions of more complex constructions, e.g. Port.
afinar [instrumento] com "tune [instrument] with".

Outilex, plate-forme logicielle de traitement de textes crits
The Outilex software platform, which will be made available to research,
development and industry, comprises software components implementing all the
fundamental operations of written text processing: processing without lexicons,
exploitation of lexicons and grammars, language resource management. All data
are structured in XML formats, and also in more compact formats, either
readable or binary, whenever necessary; the required format converters are
included in the platform; the grammar formats allow for combining statistical
approaches with resource-based approaches. Manually constructed lexicons for
French and English, originating from the LADL, and of substantial coverage,
will be distributed with the platform under LGPL-LR license.

Let's get the student into the driver's seat
Speaking a language and achieving proficiency in another one is a highly
complex process which requires the acquisition of various kinds of knowledge
and skills, like the learning of words, rules and patterns and their connection
to communicative goals (intentions), the usual starting point. To help the
learner to acquire these skills we propose an enhanced, electronic version of
an age old method: pattern drills (henceforth PDs). While being highly regarded
in the fifties, PDs have become unpopular since then, partially because of
their lack of grounding (natural context) and rigidity. Despite these
shortcomings we do believe in the virtues of this approach, at least with
regard to the acquisition of basic linguistic reflexes or skills (automatisms),
necessary to survive in the new language. Of course, the method needs
improvement, and we will show here how this can be achieved. Unlike tapes or
books, computers are open media, allowing for dynamic changes, taking users'
performances and preferences into account. Building an electronic version of
PDs amounts to building an open resource, accomodatable to the users' ever
changing needs.

Valence extraction using EM selection and co-occurrence matrices
This paper discusses two new procedures for extracting verb valences from raw
texts, with an application to the Polish language. The first novel technique,
the EM selection algorithm, performs unsupervised disambiguation of valence
frame forests, obtained by applying a non-probabilistic deep grammar parser and
some post-processing to the text. The second new idea concerns filtering of
incorrect frames detected in the parsed text and is motivated by an observation
that verbs which take similar arguments tend to have similar frames. This
phenomenon is described in terms of newly introduced co-occurrence matrices.
Using co-occurrence matrices, we split filtering into two steps. The list of
valid arguments is first determined for each verb, whereas the pattern
according to which the arguments are combined into frames is computed in the
following stage. Our best extracted dictionary reaches an $F$-score of 45%,
compared to an $F$-score of 39% for the standard frame-based BHT filtering.

Framework and Resources for Natural Language Parser Evaluation
Because of the wide variety of contemporary practices used in the automatic
syntactic parsing of natural languages, it has become necessary to analyze and
evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of different approaches. This research is
all the more necessary because there are currently no genre- and
domain-independent parsers that are able to analyze unrestricted text with 100%
preciseness (I use this term to refer to the correctness of analyses assigned
by a parser). All these factors create a need for methods and resources that
can be used to evaluate and compare parsing systems. This research describes:
(1) A theoretical analysis of current achievements in parsing and parser
evaluation. (2) A framework (called FEPa) that can be used to carry out
practical parser evaluations and comparisons. (3) A set of new evaluation
resources: FiEval is a Finnish treebank under construction, and MGTS and RobSet
are parser evaluation resources in English. (4) The results of experiments in
which the developed evaluation framework and the two resources for English were
used for evaluating a set of selected parsers.

Robustness Evaluation of Two CCG, a PCFG and a Link Grammar Parsers
Robustness in a parser refers to an ability to deal with exceptional
phenomena. A parser is robust if it deals with phenomena outside its normal
range of inputs. This paper reports on a series of robustness evaluations of
state-of-the-art parsers in which we concentrated on one aspect of robustness:
its ability to parse sentences containing misspelled words. We propose two
measures for robustness evaluation based on a comparison of a parser's output
for grammatical input sentences and their noisy counterparts. In this paper, we
use these measures to compare the overall robustness of the four evaluated
parsers, and we present an analysis of the decline in parser performance with
increasing error levels. Our results indicate that performance typically
declines tens of percentage units when parsers are presented with texts
containing misspellings. When it was tested on our purpose-built test set of
443 sentences, the best parser in the experiment (C&C parser) was able to
return exactly the same parse tree for the grammatical and ungrammatical
sentences for 60.8%, 34.0% and 14.9% of the sentences with one, two or three
misspelled words respectively.

Methods to integrate a language model with semantic information for a
  word prediction component
Most current word prediction systems make use of n-gram language models (LM)
to estimate the probability of the following word in a phrase. In the past
years there have been many attempts to enrich such language models with further
syntactic or semantic information. We want to explore the predictive powers of
Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA), a method that has been shown to provide
reliable information on long-distance semantic dependencies between words in a
context. We present and evaluate here several methods that integrate LSA-based
information with a standard language model: a semantic cache, partial
reranking, and different forms of interpolation. We found that all methods show
significant improvements, compared to the 4-gram baseline, and most of them to
a simple cache model as well.

Some properties of the Ukrainian writing system
We investigate the grapheme-phoneme relation in Ukrainian and some properties
of the Ukrainian version of the Cyrillic alphabet.

Effects of High-Order Co-occurrences on Word Semantic Similarities
A computational model of the construction of word meaning through exposure to
texts is built in order to simulate the effects of co-occurrence values on word
semantic similarities, paragraph by paragraph. Semantic similarity is here
viewed as association. It turns out that the similarity between two words W1
and W2 strongly increases with a co-occurrence, decreases with the occurrence
of W1 without W2 or W2 without W1, and slightly increases with high-order
co-occurrences. Therefore, operationalizing similarity as a frequency of
co-occurrence probably introduces a bias: first, there are cases in which there
is similarity without co-occurrence and, second, the frequency of co-occurrence
overestimates similarity.

Feature Unification in TAG Derivation Trees
The derivation trees of a tree adjoining grammar provide a first insight into
the sentence semantics, and are thus prime targets for generation systems. We
define a formalism, feature-based regular tree grammars, and a translation from
feature based tree adjoining grammars into this new formalism. The translation
preserves the derivation structures of the original grammar, and accounts for
feature unification.

Graph Algorithms for Improving Type-Logical Proof Search
Proof nets are a graph theoretical representation of proofs in various
fragments of type-logical grammar. In spite of this basis in graph theory,
there has been relatively little attention to the use of graph theoretic
algorithms for type-logical proof search. In this paper we will look at several
ways in which standard graph theoretic algorithms can be used to restrict the
search space. In particular, we will provide an O(n4) algorithm for selecting
an optimal axiom link at any stage in the proof search as well as a O(kn3)
algorithm for selecting the k best proof candidates.

A toolkit for a generative lexicon
In this paper we describe the conception of a software toolkit designed for
the construction, maintenance and collaborative use of a Generative Lexicon. In
order to ease its portability and spreading use, this tool was built with free
and open source products. We eventually tested the toolkit and showed it
filters the adequate form of anaphoric reference to the modifier in endocentric
compounds.

Computational Representation of Linguistic Structures using
  Domain-Specific Languages
We describe a modular system for generating sentences from formal definitions
of underlying linguistic structures using domain-specific languages. The system
uses Java in general, Prolog for lexical entries and custom domain-specific
languages based on Functional Grammar and Functional Discourse Grammar
notation, implemented using the ANTLR parser generator. We show how linguistic
and technological parts can be brought together in a natural language
processing system and how domain-specific languages can be used as a tool for
consistent formal notation in linguistic description.

Exploring a type-theoretic approach to accessibility constraint
  modelling
The type-theoretic modelling of DRT that [degroote06] proposed features
continuations for the management of the context in which a clause has to be
interpreted. This approach, while keeping the standard definitions of
quantifier scope, translates the rules of the accessibility constraints of
discourse referents inside the semantic recipes. In this paper, we deal with
additional rules for these accessibility constraints. In particular in the case
of discourse referents introduced by proper nouns, that negation does not
block, and in the case of rhetorical relations that structure discourses. We
show how this continuation-based approach applies to those accessibility
constraints and how we can consider the parallel management of various
principles.

A semantic space for modeling children's semantic memory
The goal of this paper is to present a model of children's semantic memory,
which is based on a corpus reproducing the kinds of texts children are exposed
to. After presenting the literature in the development of the semantic memory,
a preliminary French corpus of 3.2 million words is described. Similarities in
the resulting semantic space are compared to human data on four tests:
association norms, vocabulary test, semantic judgments and memory tasks. A
second corpus is described, which is composed of subcorpora corresponding to
various ages. This stratified corpus is intended as a basis for developmental
studies. Finally, two applications of these models of semantic memory are
presented: the first one aims at tracing the development of semantic
similarities paragraph by paragraph; the second one describes an implementation
of a model of text comprehension derived from the Construction-integration
model (Kintsch, 1988, 1998) and based on such models of semantic memory.

Textual Entailment Recognizing by Theorem Proving Approach
In this paper we present two original methods for recognizing textual
inference. First one is a modified resolution method such that some linguistic
considerations are introduced in the unification of two atoms. The approach is
possible due to the recent methods of transforming texts in logic formulas.
Second one is based on semantic relations in text, as presented in WordNet.
Some similarities between these two methods are remarked.

A chain dictionary method for Word Sense Disambiguation and applications
A large class of unsupervised algorithms for Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD)
is that of dictionary-based methods. Various algorithms have as the root Lesk's
algorithm, which exploits the sense definitions in the dictionary directly. Our
approach uses the lexical base WordNet for a new algorithm originated in
Lesk's, namely "chain algorithm for disambiguation of all words", CHAD. We show
how translation from a language into another one and also text entailment
verification could be accomplished by this disambiguation.

Computational Approaches to Measuring the Similarity of Short Contexts :
  A Review of Applications and Methods
Measuring the similarity of short written contexts is a fundamental problem
in Natural Language Processing. This article provides a unifying framework by
which short context problems can be categorized both by their intended
application and proposed solution. The goal is to show that various problems
and methodologies that appear quite different on the surface are in fact very
closely related. The axes by which these categorizations are made include the
format of the contexts (headed versus headless), the way in which the contexts
are to be measured (first-order versus second-order similarity), and the
information used to represent the features in the contexts (micro versus macro
views). The unifying thread that binds together many short context applications
and methods is the fact that similarity decisions must be made between contexts
that share few (if any) words in common.

About the creation of a parallel bilingual corpora of web-publications
The algorithm of the creation texts parallel corpora was presented. The
algorithm is based on the use of "key words" in text documents, and on the
means of their automated translation. Key words were singled out by means of
using Russian and Ukrainian morphological dictionaries, as well as dictionaries
of the translation of nouns for the Russian and Ukrainianlanguages. Besides, to
calculate the weights of the terms in the documents, empiric-statistic rules
were used. The algorithm under consideration was realized in the form of a
program complex, integrated into the content-monitoring InfoStream system. As a
result, a parallel bilingual corpora of web-publications containing about 30
thousand documents, was created

TuLiPA: Towards a Multi-Formalism Parsing Environment for Grammar
  Engineering
In this paper, we present an open-source parsing environment (Tuebingen
Linguistic Parsing Architecture, TuLiPA) which uses Range Concatenation Grammar
(RCG) as a pivot formalism, thus opening the way to the parsing of several
mildly context-sensitive formalisms. This environment currently supports
tree-based grammars (namely Tree-Adjoining Grammars, TAG) and Multi-Component
Tree-Adjoining Grammars with Tree Tuples (TT-MCTAG)) and allows computation not
only of syntactic structures, but also of the corresponding semantic
representations. It is used for the development of a tree-based grammar for
German.

Investigation of the Zipf-plot of the extinct Meroitic language
The ancient and extinct language Meroitic is investigated using Zipf's Law.
In particular, since Meroitic is still undeciphered, the Zipf law analysis
allows us to assess the quality of current texts and possible avenues for
future investigation using statistical techniques.

What It Feels Like To Hear Voices: Fond Memories of Julian Jaynes
Julian Jaynes's profound humanitarian convictions not only prevented him from
going to war, but would have prevented him from ever kicking a dog. Yet
according to his theory, not only are language-less dogs unconscious, but so
too were the speaking/hearing Greeks in the Bicameral Era, when they heard
gods' voices telling them what to do rather than thinking for themselves. I
argue that to be conscious is to be able to feel, and that all mammals (and
probably lower vertebrates and invertebrates too) feel, hence are conscious.
Julian Jaynes's brilliant analysis of our concepts of consciousness
nevertheless keeps inspiring ever more inquiry and insights into the age-old
mind/body problem and its relation to cognition and language.

Constructing word similarities in Meroitic as an aid to decipherment
Meroitic is the still undeciphered language of the ancient civilization of
Kush. Over the years, various techniques for decipherment such as finding a
bilingual text or cognates from modern or other ancient languages in the Sudan
and surrounding areas has not been successful. Using techniques borrowed from
information theory and natural language statistics, similar words are paired
and attempts are made to use currently defined words to extract at least
partial meaning from unknown words.

Open architecture for multilingual parallel texts
Multilingual parallel texts (abbreviated to parallel texts) are linguistic
versions of the same content ("translations"); e.g., the Maastricht Treaty in
English and Spanish are parallel texts. This document is about creating an open
architecture for the whole Authoring, Translation and Publishing Chain
(ATP-chain) for the processing of parallel texts.

Using descriptive mark-up to formalize translation quality assessment
The paper deals with using descriptive mark-up to emphasize translation
mistakes. The author postulates the necessity to develop a standard and formal
XML-based way of describing translation mistakes. It is considered to be
important for achieving impersonal translation quality assessment. Marked-up
translations can be used in corpus translation studies; moreover, automatic
translation assessment based on marked-up mistakes is possible. The paper
concludes with setting up guidelines for further activity within the described
field.

Distribution of complexities in the Vai script
In the paper, we analyze the distribution of complexities in the Vai script,
an indigenous syllabic writing system from Liberia. It is found that the
uniformity hypothesis for complexities fails for this script. The models using
Poisson distribution for the number of components and hyper-Poisson
distribution for connections provide good fits in the case of the Vai script.

Une grammaire formelle du crole martiniquais pour la gnration
  automatique
In this article, some first elements of a computational modelling of the
grammar of the Martiniquese French Creole dialect are presented. The sources of
inspiration for the modelling is the functional description given by Damoiseau
(1984), and Pinalie's & Bernabe's (1999) grammar manual. Based on earlier works
in text generation (Vaillant, 1997), a unification grammar formalism, namely
Tree Adjoining Grammars (TAG), and a modelling of lexical functional categories
based on syntactic and semantic properties, are used to implement a grammar of
Martiniquese Creole which is used in a prototype of text generation system. One
of the main applications of the system could be its use as a tool software
supporting the task of learning Creole as a second language. -- Nous
pr\'esenterons dans cette communication les premiers travaux de mod\'elisation
informatique d'une grammaire de la langue cr\'eole martiniquaise, en nous
inspirant des descriptions fonctionnelles de Damoiseau (1984) ainsi que du
manuel de Pinalie & Bernab\'e (1999). Prenant appui sur des travaux
ant\'erieurs en g\'en\'eration de texte (Vaillant, 1997), nous utilisons un
formalisme de grammaires d'unification, les grammaires d'adjonction d'arbres
(TAG d'apr\`es l'acronyme anglais), ainsi qu'une mod\'elisation de cat\'egories
lexicales fonctionnelles \`a base syntaxico-s\'emantique, pour mettre en oeuvre
une grammaire du cr\'eole martiniquais utilisable dans une maquette de
syst\`eme de g\'en\'eration automatique. L'un des int\'er\^ets principaux de ce
syst\`eme pourrait \^etre son utilisation comme logiciel outil pour l'aide \`a
l'apprentissage du cr\'eole en tant que langue seconde.

A Layered Grammar Model: Using Tree-Adjoining Grammars to Build a Common
  Syntactic Kernel for Related Dialects
This article describes the design of a common syntactic description for the
core grammar of a group of related dialects. The common description does not
rely on an abstract sub-linguistic structure like a metagrammar: it consists in
a single FS-LTAG where the actual specific language is included as one of the
attributes in the set of attribute types defined for the features. When the
lang attribute is instantiated, the selected subset of the grammar is
equivalent to the grammar of one dialect. When it is not, we have a model of a
hybrid multidialectal linguistic system. This principle is used for a group of
creole languages of the West-Atlantic area, namely the French-based Creoles of
Haiti, Guadeloupe, Martinique and French Guiana.

UNL-French deconversion as transfer & generation from an interlingua
  with possible quality enhancement through offline human interaction
We present the architecture of the UNL-French deconverter, which "generates"
from the UNL interlingua by first"localizing" the UNL form for French, within
UNL, and then applying slightly adapted but classical transfer and generation
techniques, implemented in GETA's Ariane-G5 environment, supplemented by some
UNL-specific tools. Online interaction can be used during deconversion to
enhance output quality and is now used for development purposes. We show how
interaction could be delayed and embedded in the postedition phase, which would
then interact not directly with the output text, but indirectly with several
components of the deconverter. Interacting online or offline can improve the
quality not only of the utterance at hand, but also of the utterances processed
later, as various preferences may be automatically changed to let the
deconverter "learn".

The Application of Fuzzy Logic to Collocation Extraction
Collocations are important for many tasks of Natural language processing such
as information retrieval, machine translation, computational lexicography etc.
So far many statistical methods have been used for collocation extraction.
Almost all the methods form a classical crisp set of collocation. We propose a
fuzzy logic approach of collocation extraction to form a fuzzy set of
collocations in which each word combination has a certain grade of membership
for being collocation. Fuzzy logic provides an easy way to express natural
language into fuzzy logic rules. Two existing methods; Mutual information and
t-test have been utilized for the input of the fuzzy inference system. The
resulting membership function could be easily seen and demonstrated. To show
the utility of the fuzzy logic some word pairs have been examined as an
example. The working data has been based on a corpus of about one million words
contained in different novels constituting project Gutenberg available on
www.gutenberg.org. The proposed method has all the advantages of the two
methods, while overcoming their drawbacks. Hence it provides a better result
than the two methods.

Statistical analysis of the Indus script using $n$-grams
The Indus script is one of the major undeciphered scripts of the ancient
world. The small size of the corpus, the absence of bilingual texts, and the
lack of definite knowledge of the underlying language has frustrated efforts at
decipherment since the discovery of the remains of the Indus civilisation.
Recently, some researchers have questioned the premise that the Indus script
encodes spoken language. Building on previous statistical approaches, we apply
the tools of statistical language processing, specifically $n$-gram Markov
chains, to analyse the Indus script for syntax. Our main results are that the
script has well-defined signs which begin and end texts, that there is
directionality and strong correlations in the sign order, and that there are
groups of signs which appear to have identical syntactic function. All these
require no {\it a priori} suppositions regarding the syntactic or semantic
content of the signs, but follow directly from the statistical analysis. Using
information theoretic measures, we find the information in the script to be
intermediate between that of a completely random and a completely fixed
ordering of signs. Our study reveals that the Indus script is a structured sign
system showing features of a formal language, but, at present, cannot
conclusively establish that it encodes {\it natural} language. Our $n$-gram
Markov model is useful for predicting signs which are missing or illegible in a
corpus of Indus texts. This work forms the basis for the development of a
stochastic grammar which can be used to explore the syntax of the Indus script
in greater detail.

Google distance between words
Cilibrasi and Vitanyi have demonstrated that it is possible to extract the
meaning of words from the world-wide web. To achieve this, they rely on the
number of webpages that are found through a Google search containing a given
word and they associate the page count to the probability that the word appears
on a webpage. Thus, conditional probabilities allow them to correlate one word
with another word's meaning. Furthermore, they have developed a similarity
distance function that gauges how closely related a pair of words is. We
present a specific counterexample to the triangle inequality for this
similarity distance function.

New Confidence Measures for Statistical Machine Translation
A confidence measure is able to estimate the reliability of an hypothesis
provided by a machine translation system. The problem of confidence measure can
be seen as a process of testing : we want to decide whether the most probable
sequence of words provided by the machine translation system is correct or not.
In the following we describe several original word-level confidence measures
for machine translation, based on mutual information, n-gram language model and
lexical features language model. We evaluate how well they perform individually
or together, and show that using a combination of confidence measures based on
mutual information yields a classification error rate as low as 25.1% with an
F-measure of 0.708.

What's in a Message?
In this paper we present the first step in a larger series of experiments for
the induction of predicate/argument structures. The structures that we are
inducing are very similar to the conceptual structures that are used in Frame
Semantics (such as FrameNet). Those structures are called messages and they
were previously used in the context of a multi-document summarization system of
evolving events. The series of experiments that we are proposing are
essentially composed from two stages. In the first stage we are trying to
extract a representative vocabulary of words. This vocabulary is later used in
the second stage, during which we apply to it various clustering approaches in
order to identify the clusters of predicates and arguments--or frames and
semantic roles, to use the jargon of Frame Semantics. This paper presents in
detail and evaluates the first stage.

Syntactic variation of support verb constructions
We report experiments about the syntactic variations of support verb
constructions, a special type of multiword expressions (MWEs) containing
predicative nouns. In these expressions, the noun can occur with or without the
verb, with no clear-cut semantic difference. We extracted from a large French
corpus a set of examples of the two situations and derived statistical results
from these data. The extraction involved large-coverage language resources and
finite-state techniques. The results show that, most frequently, predicative
nouns occur without a support verb. This fact has consequences on methods of
extracting or recognising MWEs.

Mathematical Model for Transformation of Sentences from Active Voice to
  Passive Voice
Formal work in linguistics has both produced and used important mathematical
tools. Motivated by a survey of models for context and word meaning, syntactic
categories, phrase structure rules and trees, an attempt is being made in the
present paper to present a mathematical model for structuring of sentences from
active voice to passive voice, which is is the form of a transitive verb whose
grammatical subject serves as the patient, receiving the action of the verb.
  For this purpose we have parsed all sentences of a corpus and have generated
Boolean groups for each of them. It has been observed that when we take
constituents of the sentences as subgroups, the sequences of phrases form
permutation roups. Application of isomorphism property yields permutation
mapping between the important subgroups. It has resulted in a model for
transformation of sentences from active voice to passive voice. A computer
program has been written to enable the software developers to evolve grammar
software for sentence transformations.

Acquisition of morphological families and derivational series from a
  machine readable dictionary
The paper presents a linguistic and computational model aiming at making the
morphological structure of the lexicon emerge from the formal and semantic
regularities of the words it contains. The model is word-based. The proposed
morphological structure consists of (1) binary relations that connect each
headword with words that are morphologically related, and especially with the
members of its morphological family and its derivational series, and of (2) the
analogies that hold between the words. The model has been tested on the lexicon
of French using the TLFi machine readable dictionary.

Encoding models for scholarly literature
We examine the issue of digital formats for document encoding, archiving and
publishing, through the specific example of "born-digital" scholarly journal
articles. We will begin by looking at the traditional workflow of journal
editing and publication, and how these practices have made the transition into
the online domain. We will examine the range of different file formats in which
electronic articles are currently stored and published. We will argue strongly
that, despite the prevalence of binary and proprietary formats such as PDF and
MS Word, XML is a far superior encoding choice for journal articles. Next, we
look at the range of XML document structures (DTDs, Schemas) which are in
common use for encoding journal articles, and consider some of their strengths
and weaknesses. We will suggest that, despite the existence of specialized
schemas intended specifically for journal articles (such as NLM), and more
broadly-used publication-oriented schemas such as DocBook, there are strong
arguments in favour of developing a subset or customization of the Text
Encoding Initiative (TEI) schema for the purpose of journal-article encoding;
TEI is already in use in a number of journal publication projects, and the
scale and precision of the TEI tagset makes it particularly appropriate for
encoding scholarly articles. We will outline the document structure of a
TEI-encoded journal article, and look in detail at suggested markup patterns
for specific features of journal articles.

Without a 'doubt'? Unsupervised discovery of downward-entailing
  operators
An important part of textual inference is making deductions involving
monotonicity, that is, determining whether a given assertion entails
restrictions or relaxations of that assertion. For instance, the statement 'We
know the epidemic spread quickly' does not entail 'We know the epidemic spread
quickly via fleas', but 'We doubt the epidemic spread quickly' entails 'We
doubt the epidemic spread quickly via fleas'. Here, we present the first
algorithm for the challenging lexical-semantics problem of learning linguistic
constructions that, like 'doubt', are downward entailing (DE). Our algorithm is
unsupervised, resource-lean, and effective, accurately recovering many DE
operators that are missing from the hand-constructed lists that
textual-inference systems currently use.

Non-Parametric Bayesian Areal Linguistics
We describe a statistical model over linguistic areas and phylogeny.
  Our model recovers known areas and identifies a plausible hierarchy of areal
features. The use of areas improves genetic reconstruction of languages both
qualitatively and quantitatively according to a variety of metrics. We model
linguistic areas by a Pitman-Yor process and linguistic phylogeny by Kingman's
coalescent.

A Bayesian Model for Discovering Typological Implications
A standard form of analysis for linguistic typology is the universal
implication. These implications state facts about the range of extant
languages, such as ``if objects come after verbs, then adjectives come after
nouns.'' Such implications are typically discovered by painstaking hand
analysis over a small sample of languages. We propose a computational model for
assisting at this process. Our model is able to discover both well-known
implications as well as some novel implications that deserve further study.
Moreover, through a careful application of hierarchical analysis, we are able
to cope with the well-known sampling problem: languages are not independent.

Induction of Word and Phrase Alignments for Automatic Document
  Summarization
Current research in automatic single document summarization is dominated by
two effective, yet naive approaches: summarization by sentence extraction, and
headline generation via bag-of-words models. While successful in some tasks,
neither of these models is able to adequately capture the large set of
linguistic devices utilized by humans when they produce summaries. One possible
explanation for the widespread use of these models is that good techniques have
been developed to extract appropriate training data for them from existing
document/abstract and document/headline corpora. We believe that future
progress in automatic summarization will be driven both by the development of
more sophisticated, linguistically informed models, as well as a more effective
leveraging of document/abstract corpora. In order to open the doors to
simultaneously achieving both of these goals, we have developed techniques for
automatically producing word-to-word and phrase-to-phrase alignments between
documents and their human-written abstracts. These alignments make explicit the
correspondences that exist in such document/abstract pairs, and create a
potentially rich data source from which complex summarization algorithms may
learn. This paper describes experiments we have carried out to analyze the
ability of humans to perform such alignments, and based on these analyses, we
describe experiments for creating them automatically. Our model for the
alignment task is based on an extension of the standard hidden Markov model,
and learns to create alignments in a completely unsupervised fashion. We
describe our model in detail and present experimental results that show that
our model is able to learn to reliably identify word- and phrase-level
alignments in a corpus of <document,abstract> pairs.

A Noisy-Channel Model for Document Compression
We present a document compression system that uses a hierarchical
noisy-channel model of text production. Our compression system first
automatically derives the syntactic structure of each sentence and the overall
discourse structure of the text given as input. The system then uses a
statistical hierarchical model of text production in order to drop
non-important syntactic and discourse constituents so as to generate coherent,
grammatical document compressions of arbitrary length. The system outperforms
both a baseline and a sentence-based compression system that operates by
simplifying sequentially all sentences in a text. Our results support the claim
that discourse knowledge plays an important role in document summarization.

A Large-Scale Exploration of Effective Global Features for a Joint
  Entity Detection and Tracking Model
Entity detection and tracking (EDT) is the task of identifying textual
mentions of real-world entities in documents, extending the named entity
detection and coreference resolution task by considering mentions other than
names (pronouns, definite descriptions, etc.). Like NE tagging and coreference
resolution, most solutions to the EDT task separate out the mention detection
aspect from the coreference aspect. By doing so, these solutions are limited to
using only local features for learning. In contrast, by modeling both aspects
of the EDT task simultaneously, we are able to learn using highly complex,
non-local features. We develop a new joint EDT model and explore the utility of
many features, demonstrating their effectiveness on this task.

Pattern Based Term Extraction Using ACABIT System
In this paper, we propose a pattern-based term extraction approach for
Japanese, applying ACABIT system originally developed for French. The proposed
approach evaluates termhood using morphological patterns of basic terms and
term variants. After extracting term candidates, ACABIT system filters out
non-terms from the candidates based on log-likelihood. This approach is
suitable for Japanese term extraction because most of Japanese terms are
compound nouns or simple phrasal patterns.

Un systme modulaire d'acquisition automatique de traductions 
  partir du Web
We present a method of automatic translation (French/English) of Complex
Lexical Units (CLU) for aiming at extracting a bilingual lexicon. Our modular
system is based on linguistic properties (compositionality, polysemy, etc.).
Different aspects of the multilingual Web are used to validate candidate
translations and collect new terms. We first build a French corpus of Web pages
to collect CLU. Three adapted processing stages are applied for each linguistic
property : compositional and non polysemous translations, compositional
polysemous translations and non compositional translations. Our evaluation on a
sample of CLU shows that our technique based on the Web can reach a very high
precision.

Multiple Retrieval Models and Regression Models for Prior Art Search
This paper presents the system called PATATRAS (PATent and Article Tracking,
Retrieval and AnalysiS) realized for the IP track of CLEF 2009. Our approach
presents three main characteristics: 1. The usage of multiple retrieval models
(KL, Okapi) and term index definitions (lemma, phrase, concept) for the three
languages considered in the present track (English, French, German) producing
ten different sets of ranked results. 2. The merging of the different results
based on multiple regression models using an additional validation set created
from the patent collection. 3. The exploitation of patent metadata and of the
citation structures for creating restricted initial working sets of patents and
for producing a final re-ranking regression model. As we exploit specific
metadata of the patent documents and the citation relations only at the
creation of initial working sets and during the final post ranking step, our
architecture remains generic and easy to extend.

An OLAC Extension for Dravidian Languages
OLAC was founded in 2000 for creating online databases of language resources.
This paper intends to review the bottom-up distributed character of the project
and proposes an extension of the architecture for Dravidian languages. An
ontological structure is considered for effective natural language processing
(NLP) and its advantages over statistical methods are reviewed

Empowering OLAC Extension using Anusaaraka and Effective text processing
  using Double Byte coding
The paper reviews the hurdles while trying to implement the OLAC extension
for Dravidian / Indian languages. The paper further explores the possibilities
which could minimise or solve these problems. In this context, the Chinese
system of text processing and the anusaaraka system are scrutinised.

Implementation of Rule Based Algorithm for Sandhi-Vicheda Of Compound
  Hindi Words
Sandhi means to join two or more words to coin new word. Sandhi literally
means `putting together' or combining (of sounds), It denotes all combinatory
sound-changes effected (spontaneously) for ease of pronunciation.
Sandhi-vicheda describes [5] the process by which one letter (whether single or
cojoined) is broken to form two words. Part of the broken letter remains as the
last letter of the first word and part of the letter forms the first letter of
the next letter. Sandhi- Vicheda is an easy and interesting way that can give
entirely new dimension that add new way to traditional approach to Hindi
Teaching. In this paper using the Rule based algorithm we have reported an
accuracy of 60-80% depending upon the number of rules to be implemented.

Reference Resolution within the Framework of Cognitive Grammar
Following the principles of Cognitive Grammar, we concentrate on a model for
reference resolution that attempts to overcome the difficulties previous
approaches, based on the fundamental assumption that all reference (independent
on the type of the referring expression) is accomplished via access to and
restructuring of domains of reference rather than by direct linkage to the
entities themselves. The model accounts for entities not explicitly mentioned
but understood in a discourse, and enables exploitation of discursive and
perceptual context to limit the set of potential referents for a given
referring expression. As the most important feature, we note that a single
mechanism is required to handle what are typically treated as diverse
phenomena. Our approach, then, provides a fresh perspective on the relations
between Cognitive Grammar and the problem of reference.

Marking-up multiple views of a Text: Discourse and Reference
We describe an encoding scheme for discourse structure and reference, based
on the TEI Guidelines and the recommendations of the Corpus Encoding
Specification (CES). A central feature of the scheme is a CES-based data
architecture enabling the encoding of and access to multiple views of a
marked-up document. We describe a tool architecture that supports the encoding
scheme, and then show how we have used the encoding scheme and the tools to
perform a discourse analytic task in support of a model of global discourse
cohesion called Veins Theory (Cristea & Ide, 1998).

A Common XML-based Framework for Syntactic Annotations
It is widely recognized that the proliferation of annotation schemes runs
counter to the need to re-use language resources, and that standards for
linguistic annotation are becoming increasingly mandatory. To answer this need,
we have developed a framework comprised of an abstract model for a variety of
different annotation types (e.g., morpho-syntactic tagging, syntactic
annotation, co-reference annotation, etc.), which can be instantiated in
different ways depending on the annotator's approach and goals. In this paper
we provide an overview of the framework, demonstrate its applicability to
syntactic annotation, and show how it can contribute to comparative evaluation
of parser output and diverse syntactic annotation schemes.

Standards for Language Resources
This paper presents an abstract data model for linguistic annotations and its
implementation using XML, RDF and related standards; and to outline the work of
a newly formed committee of the International Standards Organization (ISO),
ISO/TC 37/SC 4 Language Resource Management, which will use this work as its
starting point. The primary motive for presenting the latter is to solicit the
participation of members of the research community to contribute to the work of
the committee.

Language Models for Handwritten Short Message Services
Handwriting is an alternative method for entering texts composing Short
Message Services. However, a whole new language features the texts which are
produced. They include for instance abbreviations and other consonantal writing
which sprung up for time saving and fashion. We have collected and processed a
significant number of such handwriting SMS, and used various strategies to
tackle this challenging area of handwriting recognition. We proposed to study
more specifically three different phenomena: consonant skeleton, rebus, and
phonetic writing. For each of them, we compare the rough results produced by a
standard recognition system with those obtained when using a specific language
model.

Vers la reconnaissance de mini-messages manuscrits
Handwriting is an alternative method for entering texts which composed Short
Message Services. However, a whole new language features the texts which are
produced. They include for instance abbreviations and other consonantal writing
which sprung up for time saving and fashion. We have collected and processed a
significant number of such handwritten SMS, and used various strategies to
tackle this challenging area of handwriting recognition. We proposed to study
more specifically three different phenomena: consonant skeleton, rebus, and
phonetic writing. For each of them, we compare the rough results produced by a
standard recognition system with those obtained when using a specific language
model to take care of them.

Analyse en dpendances  l'aide des grammaires d'interaction
This article proposes a method to extract dependency structures from
phrase-structure level parsing with Interaction Grammars. Interaction Grammars
are a formalism which expresses interactions among words using a polarity
system. Syntactical composition is led by the saturation of polarities.
Interactions take place between constituents, but as grammars are lexicalized,
these interactions can be translated at the level of words. Dependency
relations are extracted from the parsing process: every dependency is the
consequence of a polarity saturation. The dependency relations we obtain can be
seen as a refinement of the usual dependency tree. Generally speaking, this
work sheds new light on links between phrase structure and dependency parsing.

Grouping Synonyms by Definitions
We present a method for grouping the synonyms of a lemma according to its
dictionary senses. The senses are defined by a large machine readable
dictionary for French, the TLFi (Tr\'esor de la langue fran\c{c}aise
informatis\'e) and the synonyms are given by 5 synonym dictionaries (also for
French). To evaluate the proposed method, we manually constructed a gold
standard where for each (word, definition) pair and given the set of synonyms
defined for that word by the 5 synonym dictionaries, 4 lexicographers specified
the set of synonyms they judge adequate. While inter-annotator agreement ranges
on that task from 67% to at best 88% depending on the annotator pair and on the
synonym dictionary being considered, the automatic procedure we propose scores
a precision of 67% and a recall of 71%. The proposed method is compared with
related work namely, word sense disambiguation, synonym lexicon acquisition and
WordNet construction.

Mathematics, Recursion, and Universals in Human Languages
There are many scientific problems generated by the multiple and conflicting
alternative definitions of linguistic recursion and human recursive processing
that exist in the literature. The purpose of this article is to make available
to the linguistic community the standard mathematical definition of recursion
and to apply it to discuss linguistic recursion. As a byproduct, we obtain an
insight into certain "soft universals" of human languages, which are related to
cognitive constructs necessary to implement mathematical reasoning, i.e.
mathematical model theory.

Towards Multimodal Content Representation
Multimodal interfaces, combining the use of speech, graphics, gestures, and
facial expressions in input and output, promise to provide new possibilities to
deal with information in more effective and efficient ways, supporting for
instance: - the understanding of possibly imprecise, partial or ambiguous
multimodal input; - the generation of coordinated, cohesive, and coherent
multimodal presentations; - the management of multimodal interaction (e.g.,
task completion, adapting the interface, error prevention) by representing and
exploiting models of the user, the domain, the task, the interactive context,
and the media (e.g. text, audio, video). The present document is intended to
support the discussion on multimodal content representation, its possible
objectives and basic constraints, and how the definition of a generic
representation framework for multimodal content representation may be
approached. It takes into account the results of the Dagstuhl workshop, in
particular those of the informal working group on multimodal meaning
representation that was active during the workshop (see
http://www.dfki.de/~wahlster/Dagstuhl_Multi_Modality, Working Group 4).

A Note On Higher Order Grammar
Both syntax-phonology and syntax-semantics interfaces in Higher Order Grammar
(HOG) are expressed as axiomatic theories in higher-order logic (HOL), i.e. a
language is defined entirely in terms of provability in the single logical
system. An important implication of this elegant architecture is that the
meaning of a valid expression turns out to be represented not by a single, nor
even by a few "discrete" terms (in case of ambiguity), but by a "continuous"
set of logically equivalent terms. The note is devoted to precise formulation
and proof of this observation.

Ludics and its Applications to natural Language Semantics
Proofs, in Ludics, have an interpretation provided by their counter-proofs,
that is the objects they interact with. We follow the same idea by proposing
that sentence meanings are given by the counter-meanings they are opposed to in
a dialectical interaction. The conception is at the intersection of a
proof-theoretic and a game-theoretic accounts of semantics, but it enlarges
them by allowing to deal with possibly infinite processes.

Evaluation of Hindi to Punjabi Machine Translation System
Machine Translation in India is relatively young. The earliest efforts date
from the late 80s and early 90s. The success of every system is judged from its
evaluation experimental results. Number of machine translation systems has been
started for development but to the best of author knowledge, no high quality
system has been completed which can be used in real applications. Recently,
Punjabi University, Patiala, India has developed Punjabi to Hindi Machine
translation system with high accuracy of about 92%. Both the systems i.e.
system under question and developed system are between same closely related
languages. Thus, this paper presents the evaluation results of Hindi to Punjabi
machine translation system. It makes sense to use same evaluation criteria as
that of Punjabi to Hindi Punjabi Machine Translation System. After evaluation,
the accuracy of the system is found to be about 95%.

A New Computational Schema for Euphonic Conjunctions in Sanskrit
  Processing
Automated language processing is central to the drive to enable facilitated
referencing of increasingly available Sanskrit E texts. The first step towards
processing Sanskrit text involves the handling of Sanskrit compound words that
are an integral part of Sanskrit texts. This firstly necessitates the
processing of euphonic conjunctions or sandhis, which are points in words or
between words, at which adjacent letters coalesce and transform. The ancient
Sanskrit grammarian Panini's codification of the Sanskrit grammar is the
accepted authority in the subject. His famed sutras or aphorisms, numbering
approximately four thousand, tersely, precisely and comprehensively codify the
rules of the grammar, including all the rules pertaining to sandhis. This work
presents a fresh new approach to processing sandhis in terms of a computational
schema. This new computational model is based on Panini's complex codification
of the rules of grammar. The model has simple beginnings and is yet powerful,
comprehensive and computationally lean.

ANN-based Innovative Segmentation Method for Handwritten text in
  Assamese
Artificial Neural Network (ANN) s has widely been used for recognition of
optically scanned character, which partially emulates human thinking in the
domain of the Artificial Intelligence. But prior to recognition, it is
necessary to segment the character from the text to sentences, words etc.
Segmentation of words into individual letters has been one of the major
problems in handwriting recognition. Despite several successful works all over
the work, development of such tools in specific languages is still an ongoing
process especially in the Indian context. This work explores the application of
ANN as an aid to segmentation of handwritten characters in Assamese- an
important language in the North Eastern part of India. The work explores the
performance difference obtained in applying an ANN-based dynamic segmentation
algorithm compared to projection- based static segmentation. The algorithm
involves, first training of an ANN with individual handwritten characters
recorded from different individuals. Handwritten sentences are separated out
from text using a static segmentation method. From the segmented line,
individual characters are separated out by first over segmenting the entire
line. Each of the segments thus obtained, next, is fed to the trained ANN. The
point of segmentation at which the ANN recognizes a segment or a combination of
several segments to be similar to a handwritten character, a segmentation
boundary for the character is assumed to exist and segmentation performed. The
segmented character is next compared to the best available match and the
segmentation boundary confirmed.

A Discourse-based Approach in Text-based Machine Translation
This paper presents a theoretical research based approach to ellipsis
resolution in machine translation. The formula of discourse is applied in order
to resolve ellipses. The validity of the discourse formula is analyzed by
applying it to the real world text, i.e., newspaper fragments. The source text
is converted into mono-sentential discourses where complex discourses require
further dissection either directly into primitive discourses or first into
compound discourses and later into primitive ones. The procedure of dissection
needs further improvement, i.e., discovering as many primitive discourse forms
as possible. An attempt has been made to investigate new primitive discourses
or patterns from the given text.

Resolution of Unidentified Words in Machine Translation
This paper presents a mechanism of resolving unidentified lexical units in
Text-based Machine Translation (TBMT). In a Machine Translation (MT) system it
is unlikely to have a complete lexicon and hence there is intense need of a new
mechanism to handle the problem of unidentified words. These unknown words
could be abbreviations, names, acronyms and newly introduced terms. We have
proposed an algorithm for the resolution of the unidentified words. This
algorithm takes discourse unit (primitive discourse) as a unit of analysis and
provides real time updates to the lexicon. We have manually applied the
algorithm to news paper fragments. Along with anaphora and cataphora
resolution, many unknown words especially names and abbreviations were updated
to the lexicon.

Standards for Language Resources
The goal of this paper is two-fold: to present an abstract data model for
linguistic annotations and its implementation using XML, RDF and related
standards; and to outline the work of a newly formed committee of the
International Standards Organization (ISO), ISO/TC 37/SC 4 Language Resource
Management, which will use this work as its starting point.

A New Look at the Classical Entropy of Written English
A simple method for finding the entropy and redundancy of a reasonable long
sample of English text by direct computer processing and from first principles
according to Shannon theory is presented. As an example, results on the entropy
of the English language have been obtained based on a total of 20.3 million
characters of written English, considering symbols from one to five hundred
characters in length. Besides a more realistic value of the entropy of English,
a new perspective on some classic entropy-related concepts is presented. This
method can also be extended to other Latin languages. Some implications for
practical applications such as plagiarism-detection software, and the minimum
number of words that should be used in social Internet network messaging, are
discussed.

Standardization of the formal representation of lexical information for
  NLP
A survey of dictionary models and formats is presented as well as a
presentation of corresponding recent standardisation activities.

Parsing of part-of-speech tagged Assamese Texts
A natural language (or ordinary language) is a language that is spoken,
written, or signed by humans for general-purpose communication, as
distinguished from formal languages (such as computer-programming languages or
the "languages" used in the study of formal logic). The computational
activities required for enabling a computer to carry out information processing
using natural language is called natural language processing. We have taken
Assamese language to check the grammars of the input sentence. Our aim is to
produce a technique to check the grammatical structures of the sentences in
Assamese text. We have made grammar rules by analyzing the structures of
Assamese sentences. Our parsing program finds the grammatical errors, if any,
in the Assamese sentence. If there is no error, the program will generate the
parse tree for the Assamese sentence

Representing human and machine dictionaries in Markup languages
In this chapter we present the main issues in representing machine readable
dictionaries in XML, and in particular according to the Text Encoding
Dictionary (TEI) guidelines.

Speech Recognition by Machine, A Review
This paper presents a brief survey on Automatic Speech Recognition and
discusses the major themes and advances made in the past 60 years of research,
so as to provide a technological perspective and an appreciation of the
fundamental progress that has been accomplished in this important area of
speech communication. After years of research and development the accuracy of
automatic speech recognition remains one of the important research challenges
(e.g., variations of the context, speakers, and environment).The design of
Speech Recognition system requires careful attentions to the following issues:
Definition of various types of speech classes, speech representation, feature
extraction techniques, speech classifiers, database and performance evaluation.
The problems that are existing in ASR and the various techniques to solve these
problems constructed by various research workers have been presented in a
chronological order. Hence authors hope that this work shall be a contribution
in the area of speech recognition. The objective of this review paper is to
summarize and compare some of the well known methods used in various stages of
speech recognition system and identify research topic and applications which
are at the forefront of this exciting and challenging field.

Sentence Simplification Aids Protein-Protein Interaction Extraction
Accurate systems for extracting Protein-Protein Interactions (PPIs)
automatically from biomedical articles can help accelerate biomedical research.
Biomedical Informatics researchers are collaborating to provide metaservices
and advance the state-of-art in PPI extraction. One problem often neglected by
current Natural Language Processing systems is the characteristic complexity of
the sentences in biomedical literature. In this paper, we report on the impact
that automatic simplification of sentences has on the performance of a
state-of-art PPI extraction system, showing a substantial improvement in recall
(8%) when the sentence simplification method is applied, without significant
impact to precision.

Towards Effective Sentence Simplification for Automatic Processing of
  Biomedical Text
The complexity of sentences characteristic to biomedical articles poses a
challenge to natural language parsers, which are typically trained on
large-scale corpora of non-technical text. We propose a text simplification
process, bioSimplify, that seeks to reduce the complexity of sentences in
biomedical abstracts in order to improve the performance of syntactic parsers
on the processed sentences. Syntactic parsing is typically one of the first
steps in a text mining pipeline. Thus, any improvement in performance would
have a ripple effect over all processing steps. We evaluated our method using a
corpus of biomedical sentences annotated with syntactic links. Our empirical
results show an improvement of 2.90% for the Charniak-McClosky parser and of
4.23% for the Link Grammar parser when processing simplified sentences rather
than the original sentences in the corpus.

tude et traitement automatique de l'anglais du XVIIe sicle :
  outils morphosyntaxiques et dictionnaires
In this article, we record the main linguistic differences or singularities
of 17th century English, analyse them morphologically and syntactically and
propose equivalent forms in contemporary English. We show how 17th century
texts may be transcribed into modern English, combining the use of electronic
dictionaries with rules of transcription implemented as transducers. Apr\`es
avoir expos\'e la constitution du corpus, nous recensons les principales
diff\'erences ou particularit\'es linguistiques de la langue anglaise du XVIIe
si\`ecle, les analysons du point de vue morphologique et syntaxique et
proposons des \'equivalents en anglais contemporain (AC). Nous montrons comment
nous pouvons effectuer une transcription automatique de textes anglais du XVIIe
si\`ecle en anglais moderne, en combinant l'utilisation de dictionnaires
\'electroniques avec des r\`egles de transcriptions impl\'ement\'ees sous forme
de transducteurs.

"Mind your p's and q's": or the peregrinations of an apostrophe in 17th
  Century English
If the use of the apostrophe in contemporary English often marks the Saxon
genitive, it may also indicate the omission of one or more let-ters. Some
writers (wrongly?) use it to mark the plural in symbols or abbreviations,
visual-ised thanks to the isolation of the morpheme "s". This punctuation mark
was imported from the Continent in the 16th century. During the 19th century
its use was standardised. However the rules of its usage still seem problematic
to many, including literate speakers of English. "All too often, the apostrophe
is misplaced", or "errant apostrophes are springing up every-where" is a
complaint that Internet users fre-quently come across when visiting grammar
websites. Many of them detail its various uses and misuses, and attempt to
correct the most common mistakes about it, especially its mis-use in the
plural, called greengrocers' apostro-phes and humorously misspelled
"greengro-cers apostrophe's". While studying English travel accounts published
in the seventeenth century, we noticed that the different uses of this symbol
may accompany various models of metaplasms. We were able to highlight the
linguistic variations of some lexemes, and trace the origin of modern grammar
rules gov-erning its usage.

Recognition and translation Arabic-French of Named Entities: case of the
  Sport places
The recognition of Arabic Named Entities (NE) is a problem in different
domains of Natural Language Processing (NLP) like automatic translation.
Indeed, NE translation allows the access to multilingual in-formation. This
translation doesn't always lead to expected result especially when NE contains
a person name. For this reason and in order to ameliorate translation, we can
transliterate some part of NE. In this context, we propose a method that
integrates translation and transliteration together. We used the linguis-tic
NooJ platform that is based on local grammars and transducers. In this paper,
we focus on sport domain. We will firstly suggest a refinement of the
typological model presented at the MUC Conferences we will describe the
integration of an Arabic transliteration module into translation system.
Finally, we will detail our method and give the results of the evaluation.

Morphological study of Albanian words, and processing with NooJ
We are developing electronic dictionaries and transducers for the automatic
processing of the Albanian Language. We will analyze the words inside a linear
segment of text. We will also study the relationship between units of sense and
units of form. The composition of words takes different forms in Albanian. We
have found that morphemes are frequently concatenated or simply juxtaposed or
contracted. The inflected grammar of NooJ allows constructing the dictionaries
of flexed forms (declensions or conjugations). The diversity of word structures
requires tools to identify words created by simple concatenation, or to treat
contractions. The morphological tools of NooJ allow us to create grammatical
tools to represent and treat these phenomena. But certain problems exceed the
morphological analysis and must be represented by syntactical grammars.

Approximations to the MMI criterion and their effect on lattice-based
  MMI
Maximum mutual information (MMI) is a model selection criterion used for
hidden Markov model (HMM) parameter estimation that was developed more than
twenty years ago as a discriminative alternative to the maximum likelihood
criterion for HMM-based speech recognition. It has been shown in the speech
recognition literature that parameter estimation using the current MMI
paradigm, lattice-based MMI, consistently outperforms maximum likelihood
estimation, but this is at the expense of undesirable convergence properties.
In particular, recognition performance is sensitive to the number of times that
the iterative MMI estimation algorithm, extended Baum-Welch, is performed. In
fact, too many iterations of extended Baum-Welch will lead to degraded
performance, despite the fact that the MMI criterion improves at each
iteration. This phenomenon is at variance with the analogous behavior of
maximum likelihood estimation -- at least for the HMMs used in speech
recognition -- and it has previously been attributed to `over fitting'. In this
paper, we present an analysis of lattice-based MMI that demonstrates, first of
all, that the asymptotic behavior of lattice-based MMI is much worse than was
previously understood, i.e. it does not appear to converge at all, and, second
of all, that this is not due to `over fitting'. Instead, we demonstrate that
the `over fitting' phenomenon is the result of standard methodology that
exacerbates the poor behavior of two key approximations in the lattice-based
MMI machinery. We also demonstrate that if we modify the standard methodology
to improve the validity of these approximations, then the convergence
properties of lattice-based MMI become benign without sacrificing improvements
to recognition accuracy.

On Event Structure in the Torn Dress
Using Pustejovsky's "The Syntax of Event Structure" and Fong's "On Mending a
Torn Dress" we give a glimpse of a Pustejovsky-like analysis to some example
sentences in Fong. We attempt to give a framework for semantics to the noun
phrases and adverbs as appropriate as well as the lexical entries for all words
in the examples and critique both papers in light of our findings and
difficulties.

Towards a Heuristic Categorization of Prepositional Phrases in English
  with WordNet
This document discusses an approach and its rudimentary realization towards
automatic classification of PPs; the topic, that has not received as much
attention in NLP as NPs and VPs. The approach is a rule-based heuristics
outlined in several levels of our research. There are 7 semantic categories of
PPs considered in this document that we are able to classify from an annotated
corpus.

Thai Rhetorical Structure Analysis
Rhetorical structure analysis (RSA) explores discourse relations among
elementary discourse units (EDUs) in a text. It is very useful in many text
processing tasks employing relationships among EDUs such as text understanding,
summarization, and question-answering. Thai language with its distinctive
linguistic characteristics requires a unique technique. This article proposes
an approach for Thai rhetorical structure analysis. First, EDUs are segmented
by two hidden Markov models derived from syntactic rules. A rhetorical
structure tree is constructed from a clustering technique with its similarity
measure derived from Thai semantic rules. Then, a decision tree whose features
derived from the semantic rules is used to determine discourse relations.

Co-channel Interference Cancellation for Space-Time Coded OFDM Systems
  Using Adaptive Beamforming and Null Deepening
Combined with space-time coding, the orthogonal frequency division
multiplexing (OFDM) system explores space diversity. It is a potential scheme
to offer spectral efficiency and robust high data rate transmissions over
frequency-selective fading channel. However, space-time coding impairs the
system ability to suppress interferences as the signals transmitted from two
transmit antennas are superposed and interfered at the receiver antennas. In
this paper, we developed an adaptive beamforming based on least mean squared
error algorithm and null deepening to combat co-channel interference (CCI) for
the space-time coded OFDM (STC-OFDM) system. To illustrate the performance of
the presented approach, it is compared to the null steering beamformer which
requires a prior knowledge of directions of arrival (DOAs). The structure of
space-time decoders are preserved although there is the use of beamformers
before decoding. By incorporating the proposed beamformer as a CCI canceller in
the STC-OFDM systems, the performance improvement is achieved as shown in the
simulation results.

SLAM : Solutions lexicales automatique pour mtaphores
This article presents SLAM, an Automatic Solver for Lexical Metaphors like
?d\'eshabiller* une pomme? (to undress* an apple). SLAM calculates a
conventional solution for these productions. To carry on it, SLAM has to
intersect the paradigmatic axis of the metaphorical verb ?d\'eshabiller*?,
where ?peler? (?to peel?) comes closer, with a syntagmatic axis that comes from
a corpus where ?peler une pomme? (to peel an apple) is semantically and
syntactically regular. We test this model on DicoSyn, which is a ?small world?
network of synonyms, to compute the paradigmatic axis and on Frantext.20, a
French corpus, to compute the syntagmatic axis. Further, we evaluate the model
with a sample of an experimental corpus of the database of Flexsem

Displacement Calculus
The Lambek calculus provides a foundation for categorial grammar in the form
of a logic of concatenation. But natural language is characterized by
dependencies which may also be discontinuous. In this paper we introduce the
displacement calculus, a generalization of Lambek calculus, which preserves its
good proof-theoretic properties while embracing discontinuiity and subsuming
it. We illustrate linguistic applications and prove Cut-elimination, the
subformula property, and decidability

Morphonette: a morphological network of French
This paper describes in details the first version of Morphonette, a new
French morphological resource and a new radically lexeme-based method of
morphological analysis. This research is grounded in a paradigmatic conception
of derivational morphology where the morphological structure is a structure of
the entire lexicon and not one of the individual words it contains. The
discovery of this structure relies on a measure of morphological similarity
between words, on formal analogy and on the properties of two morphological
paradigms:

The Lambek-Grishin calculus is NP-complete
The Lambek-Grishin calculus LG is the symmetric extension of the
non-associative Lambek calculus NL. In this paper we prove that the
derivability problem for LG is NP-complete.

Quantitative parametrization of texts written by Ivan Franko: An attempt
  of the project
In the article, the project of quantitative parametrization of all texts by
Ivan Franko is manifested. It can be made only by using modern computer
techniques after the frequency dictionaries for all Franko's works are
compiled. The paper describes the application spheres, methodology, stages,
principles and peculiarities in the compilation of the frequency dictionary of
the second half of the 19th century - the beginning of the 20th century. The
relation between the Ivan Franko frequency dictionary, explanatory dictionary
of writer's language and text corpus is discussed.

A generic tool to generate a lexicon for NLP from Lexicon-Grammar tables
Lexicon-Grammar tables constitute a large-coverage syntactic lexicon but they
cannot be directly used in Natural Language Processing (NLP) applications
because they sometimes rely on implicit information. In this paper, we
introduce LGExtract, a generic tool for generating a syntactic lexicon for NLP
from the Lexicon-Grammar tables. It is based on a global table that contains
undefined information and on a unique extraction script including all
operations to be performed for all tables. We also present an experiment that
has been conducted to generate a new lexicon of French verbs and predicative
nouns.

Ivan Franko's novel Dlja domashnjoho ohnyshcha (For the Hearth) in the
  light of the frequency dictionary
In the article, the methodology and the principles of the compilation of the
Frequency dictionary for Ivan Franko's novel Dlja domashnjoho ohnyshcha (For
the Hearth) are described. The following statistical parameters of the novel
vocabulary are obtained: variety, exclusiveness, concentration indexes,
correlation between word rank and text coverage, etc. The main quantitative
characteristics of Franko's novels Perekhresni stezhky (The Cross-Paths) and
Dlja domashnjoho ohnyshcha are compared on the basis of their frequency
dictionaries.

Offline Arabic Handwriting Recognition Using Artificial Neural Network
The ambition of a character recognition system is to transform a text
document typed on paper into a digital format that can be manipulated by word
processor software Unlike other languages, Arabic has unique features, while
other language doesn't have, from this language these are seven or eight
language such as ordo, jewie and Persian writing, Arabic has twenty eight
letters, each of which can be linked in three different ways or separated
depending on the case. The difficulty of the Arabic handwriting recognition is
that, the accuracy of the character recognition which affects on the accuracy
of the word recognition, in additional there is also two or three from for each
character, the suggested solution by using artificial neural network can solve
the problem and overcome the difficulty of Arabic handwriting recognition.

Fuzzy Modeling and Natural Language Processing for Panini's Sanskrit
  Grammar
Indian languages have long history in World Natural languages. Panini was the
first to define Grammar for Sanskrit language with about 4000 rules in fifth
century. These rules contain uncertainty information. It is not possible to
Computer processing of Sanskrit language with uncertain information. In this
paper, fuzzy logic and fuzzy reasoning are proposed to deal to eliminate
uncertain information for reasoning with Sanskrit grammar. The Sanskrit
language processing is also discussed in this paper.

Complete Complementary Results Report of the MARF's NLP Approach to the
  DEFT 2010 Competition
This companion paper complements the main DEFT'10 article describing the MARF
approach (arXiv:0905.1235) to the DEFT'10 NLP challenge (described at
http://www.groupes.polymtl.ca/taln2010/deft.php in French). This paper is aimed
to present the complete result sets of all the conducted experiments and their
settings in the resulting tables highlighting the approach and the best
results, but also showing the worse and the worst and their subsequent
analysis. This particular work focuses on application of the MARF's classical
and NLP pipelines to identification tasks within various francophone corpora to
identify decades when certain articles were published for the first track
(Piste 1) and place of origin of a publication (Piste 2), such as the journal
and location (France vs. Quebec). This is the sixth iteration of the release of
the results.

Testing SDRT's Right Frontier
The Right Frontier Constraint (RFC), as a constraint on the attachment of new
constituents to an existing discourse structure, has important implications for
the interpretation of anaphoric elements in discourse and for Machine Learning
(ML) approaches to learning discourse structures. In this paper we provide
strong empirical support for SDRT's version of RFC. The analysis of about 100
doubly annotated documents by five different naive annotators shows that SDRT's
RFC is respected about 95% of the time. The qualitative analysis of presumed
violations that we have performed shows that they are either click-errors or
structural misconceptions.

Symmetric categorial grammar: residuation and Galois connections
The Lambek-Grishin calculus is a symmetric extension of the Lambek calculus:
in addition to the residuated family of product, left and right division
operations of Lambek's original calculus, one also considers a family of
coproduct, right and left difference operations, related to the former by an
arrow-reversing duality. Communication between the two families is implemented
in terms of linear distributivity principles. The aim of this paper is to
complement the symmetry between (dual) residuated type-forming operations with
an orthogonal opposition that contrasts residuated and Galois connected
operations. Whereas the (dual) residuated operations are monotone, the Galois
connected operations (and their duals) are antitone. We discuss the algebraic
properties of the (dual) Galois connected operations, and generalize the
(co)product distributivity principles to include the negative operations. We
give a continuation-passing-style translation for the new type-forming
operations, and discuss some linguistic applications.

For the sake of simplicity: Unsupervised extraction of lexical
  simplifications from Wikipedia
We report on work in progress on extracting lexical simplifications (e.g.,
"collaborate" -> "work together"), focusing on utilizing edit histories in
Simple English Wikipedia for this task. We consider two main approaches: (1)
deriving simplification probabilities via an edit model that accounts for a
mixture of different operations, and (2) using metadata to focus on edits that
are more likely to be simplification operations. We find our methods to
outperform a reasonable baseline and yield many high-quality lexical
simplifications not included in an independently-created manually prepared
list.

Don't 'have a clue'? Unsupervised co-learning of downward-entailing
  operators
Researchers in textual entailment have begun to consider inferences involving
'downward-entailing operators', an interesting and important class of lexical
items that change the way inferences are made. Recent work proposed a method
for learning English downward-entailing operators that requires access to a
high-quality collection of 'negative polarity items' (NPIs). However, English
is one of the very few languages for which such a list exists. We propose the
first approach that can be applied to the many languages for which there is no
pre-existing high-precision database of NPIs. As a case study, we apply our
method to Romanian and show that our method yields good results. Also, we
perform a cross-linguistic analysis that suggests interesting connections to
some findings in linguistic typology.

Constructions dfinitoires des tables du Lexique-Grammaire
Lexicon-Grammar tables are a very rich syntactic lexicon for the French
language. This linguistic database is nevertheless not directly suitable for
use by computer programs, as it is incomplete and lacks consistency. Tables are
defined on the basis of features which are not explicitly recorded in the
lexicon. These features are only described in literature. Our aim is to define
for each tables these essential properties to make them usable in various
Natural Language Processing (NLP) applications, such as parsing.

Tableaux for the Lambek-Grishin calculus
Categorial type logics, pioneered by Lambek, seek a proof-theoretic
understanding of natural language syntax by identifying categories with
formulas and derivations with proofs. We typically observe an intuitionistic
bias: a structural configuration of hypotheses (a constituent) derives a single
conclusion (the category assigned to it). Acting upon suggestions of Grishin to
dualize the logical vocabulary, Moortgat proposed the Lambek-Grishin calculus
(LG) with the aim of restoring symmetry between hypotheses and conclusions. We
develop a theory of labeled modal tableaux for LG, inspired by the
interpretation of its connectives as binary modal operators in the relational
semantics of Kurtonina and Moortgat. As a linguistic application of our method,
we show that grammars based on LG are context-free through use of an
interpolation lemma. This result complements that of Melissen, who proved that
LG augmented by mixed associativity and -commutativity was exceeds LTAG in
expressive power.

A probabilistic top-down parser for minimalist grammars
This paper describes a probabilistic top-down parser for minimalist grammars.
Top-down parsers have the great advantage of having a certain predictive power
during the parsing, which takes place in a left-to-right reading of the
sentence. Such parsers have already been well-implemented and studied in the
case of Context-Free Grammars, which are already top-down, but these are
difficult to adapt to Minimalist Grammars, which generate sentences bottom-up.
I propose here a way of rewriting Minimalist Grammars as Linear Context-Free
Rewriting Systems, allowing to easily create a top-down parser. This rewriting
allows also to put a probabilistic field on these grammars, which can be used
to accelerate the parser. Finally, I propose a method of refining the
probabilistic field by using algorithms used in data compression.

Learning Taxonomy for Text Segmentation by Formal Concept Analysis
In this paper the problems of deriving a taxonomy from a text and
concept-oriented text segmentation are approached. Formal Concept Analysis
(FCA) method is applied to solve both of these linguistic problems. The
proposed segmentation method offers a conceptual view for text segmentation,
using a context-driven clustering of sentences. The Concept-oriented Clustering
Segmentation algorithm (COCS) is based on k-means linear clustering of the
sentences. Experimental results obtained using COCS algorithm are presented.

Stabilizing knowledge through standards - A perspective for the
  humanities
It is usual to consider that standards generate mixed feelings among
scientists. They are often seen as not really reflecting the state of the art
in a given domain and a hindrance to scientific creativity. Still, scientists
should theoretically be at the best place to bring their expertise into
standard developments, being even more neutral on issues that may typically be
related to competing industrial interests. Even if it could be thought of as
even more complex to think about developping standards in the humanities, we
will show how this can be made feasible through the experience gained both
within the Text Encoding Initiative consortium and the International
Organisation for Standardisation. By taking the specific case of lexical
resources, we will try to show how this brings about new ideas for designing
future research infrastructures in the human and social sciences.

A PDTB-Styled End-to-End Discourse Parser
We have developed a full discourse parser in the Penn Discourse Treebank
(PDTB) style. Our trained parser first identifies all discourse and
non-discourse relations, locates and labels their arguments, and then
classifies their relation types. When appropriate, the attribution spans to
these relations are also determined. We present a comprehensive evaluation from
both component-wise and error-cascading perspectives.

Emoticonsciousness
A temporal analysis of emoticon use in Swedish, Italian, German and English
asynchronous electronic communication is reported. Emoticons are classified as
positive, negative and neutral. Postings to newsgroups over a 66 week period
are considered. The aggregate analysis of emoticon use in newsgroups for
science and politics tend on the whole to be consistent over the entire time
period. Where possible, events that coincide with divergences from trends in
language-subject pairs are noted. Political discourse in Italian over the
period shows marked use of negative emoticons, and in Swedish, positive
emoticons.

Motifs de graphe pour le calcul de dpendances syntaxiques compltes
This article describes a method to build syntactical dependencies starting
from the phrase structure parsing process. The goal is to obtain all the
information needed for a detailled semantical analysis. Interaction Grammars
are used for parsing; the saturation of polarities which is the core of this
formalism can be mapped to dependency relation. Formally, graph patterns are
used to express the set of constraints which control dependency creations.

Opinion Polarity Identification through Adjectives
"What other people think" has always been an important piece of information
during various decision-making processes. Today people frequently make their
opinions available via the Internet, and as a result, the Web has become an
excellent source for gathering consumer opinions. There are now numerous Web
resources containing such opinions, e.g., product reviews forums, discussion
groups, and Blogs. But, due to the large amount of information and the wide
range of sources, it is essentially impossible for a customer to read all of
the reviews and make an informed decision on whether to purchase the product.
It is also difficult for the manufacturer or seller of a product to accurately
monitor customer opinions. For this reason, mining customer reviews, or opinion
mining, has become an important issue for research in Web information
extraction. One of the important topics in this research area is the
identification of opinion polarity. The opinion polarity of a review is usually
expressed with values 'positive', 'negative' or 'neutral'. We propose a
technique for identifying polarity of reviews by identifying the polarity of
the adjectives that appear in them. Our evaluation shows the technique can
provide accuracy in the area of 73%, which is well above the 58%-64% provided
by naive Bayesian classifiers.

La rduction de termes complexes dans les langues de spcialit
Our study applies statistical methods to French and Italian corpora to
examine the phenomenon of multi-word term reduction in specialty languages.
There are two kinds of reduction: anaphoric and lexical. We show that anaphoric
reduction depends on the discourse type (vulgarization, pedagogical,
specialized) but is independent of both domain and language; that lexical
reduction depends on domain and is more frequent in technical, rapidly evolving
domains; and that anaphoric reductions tend to follow full terms rather than
precede them. We define the notion of the anaphoric tree of the term and study
its properties. Concerning lexical reduction, we attempt to prove statistically
that there is a notion of term lifecycle, where the full form is progressively
replaced by a lexical reduction. ----- Nous \'etudions par des m\'ethodes
statistiques sur des corpus fran\c{c}ais et italiens, le ph\'enom\`ene de
r\'eduction des termes complexes dans les langues de sp\'ecialit\'e. Il existe
deux types de r\'eductions : anaphorique et lexicale. Nous montrons que la
r\'eduction anaphorique d\'epend du type de discours (de vulgarisation,
p\'edagogique, sp\'ecialis\'e) mais ne d\'epend ni du domaine, ni de la langue,
alors que la r\'eduction lexicale d\'epend du domaine et est plus fr\'equente
dans les domaines techniques \`a \'evolution rapide. D'autre part, nous
montrons que la r\'eduction anaphorique a tendance \`a suivre la forme pleine
du terme, nous d\'efinissons une notion d'arbre anaphorique de terme et nous
\'etudions ses propri\'et\'es. Concernant la r\'eduction lexicale, nous tentons
de d\'emontrer statistiquement qu'il existe une notion de cycle de vie de
terme, o\`u la forme pleine est progressivement remplac\'ee par une r\'eduction
lexicale.

Annotated English
This document presents Annotated English, a system of diacritical symbols
which turns English pronunciation into a precise and unambiguous process. The
annotations are defined and located in such a way that the original English
text is not altered (not even a letter), thus allowing for a consistent reading
and learning of the English language with and without annotations. The
annotations are based on a set of general rules that make the frequency of
annotations not dramatically high. This makes the reader easily associate
annotations with exceptions, and makes it possible to shape, internalise and
consolidate some rules for the English language which otherwise are weakened by
the enormous amount of exceptions in English pronunciation. The advantages of
this annotation system are manifold. Any existing text can be annotated without
a significant increase in size. This means that we can get an annotated version
of any document or book with the same number of pages and fontsize. Since no
letter is affected, the text can be perfectly read by a person who does not
know the annotation rules, since annotations can be simply ignored. The
annotations are based on a set of rules which can be progressively learned and
recognised, even in cases where the reader has no access or time to read the
rules. This means that a reader can understand most of the annotations after
reading a few pages of Annotated English, and can take advantage from that
knowledge for any other annotated document she may read in the future.

Geometric representations for minimalist grammars
We reformulate minimalist grammars as partial functions on term algebras for
strings and trees. Using filler/role bindings and tensor product
representations, we construct homomorphisms for these data structures into
geometric vector spaces. We prove that the structure-building functions as well
as simple processors for minimalist languages can be realized by piecewise
linear operators in representation space. We also propose harmony, i.e. the
distance of an intermediate processing step from the final well-formed state in
representation space, as a measure of processing complexity. Finally, we
illustrate our findings by means of two particular arithmetic and fractal
representations.

Developing a New Approach for Arabic Morphological Analysis and
  Generation
Arabic morphological analysis is one of the essential stages in Arabic
Natural Language Processing. In this paper we present an approach for Arabic
morphological analysis. This approach is based on Arabic morphological
automaton (AMAUT). The proposed technique uses a morphological database
realized using XMODEL language. Arabic morphology represents a special type of
morphological systems because it is based on the concept of scheme to represent
Arabic words. We use this concept to develop the Arabic morphological automata.
The proposed approach has development standardization aspect. It can be
exploited by NLP applications such as syntactic and semantic analysis,
information retrieval, machine translation and orthographical correction. The
proposed approach is compared with Xerox Arabic Analyzer and Smrz Arabic
Analyzer.

Polarized Montagovian Semantics for the Lambek-Grishin calculus
Grishin proposed enriching the Lambek calculus with multiplicative
disjunction (par) and coresiduals. Applications to linguistics were discussed
by Moortgat, who spoke of the Lambek-Grishin calculus (LG). In this paper, we
adapt Girard's polarity-sensitive double negation embedding for classical logic
to extract a compositional Montagovian semantics from a display calculus for
focused proof search in LG. We seize the opportunity to illustrate our approach
alongside an analysis of extraction, providing linguistic motivation for linear
distributivity of tensor over par, thus answering a question of
Kurtonina&Moortgat. We conclude by comparing our proposal to the continuation
semantics of Bernardi&Moortgat, corresponding to call-by- name and
call-by-value evaluation strategies.

Recognizing Uncertainty in Speech
We address the problem of inferring a speaker's level of certainty based on
prosodic information in the speech signal, which has application in
speech-based dialogue systems. We show that using phrase-level prosodic
features centered around the phrases causing uncertainty, in addition to
utterance-level prosodic features, improves our model's level of certainty
classification. In addition, our models can be used to predict which phrase a
person is uncertain about. These results rely on a novel method for eliciting
utterances of varying levels of certainty that allows us to compare the utility
of contextually-based feature sets. We elicit level of certainty ratings from
both the speakers themselves and a panel of listeners, finding that there is
often a mismatch between speakers' internal states and their perceived states,
and highlighting the importance of this distinction.

Fitting Ranked English and Spanish Letter Frequency Distribution in U.S.
  and Mexican Presidential Speeches
The limited range in its abscissa of ranked letter frequency distributions
causes multiple functions to fit the observed distribution reasonably well. In
order to critically compare various functions, we apply the statistical model
selections on ten functions, using the texts of U.S. and Mexican presidential
speeches in the last 1-2 centuries. Dispite minor switching of ranking order of
certain letters during the temporal evolution for both datasets, the letter
usage is generally stable. The best fitting function, judged by either
least-square-error or by AIC/BIC model selection, is the Cocho/Beta function.
We also use a novel method to discover clusters of letters by their
observed-over-expected frequency ratios.

Codeco: A Grammar Notation for Controlled Natural Language in Predictive
  Editors
Existing grammar frameworks do not work out particularly well for controlled
natural languages (CNL), especially if they are to be used in predictive
editors. I introduce in this paper a new grammar notation, called Codeco, which
is designed specifically for CNLs and predictive editors. Two different parsers
have been implemented and a large subset of Attempto Controlled English (ACE)
has been represented in Codeco. The results show that Codeco is practical,
adequate and efficient.

Materials to the Russian-Bulgarian Comparative Dictionary "EAD"
This article presents a fragment of a new comparative dictionary "A
comparative dictionary of names of expansive action in Russian and Bulgarian
languages". Main features of the new web-based comparative dictionary are
placed, the principles of its formation are shown, primary links between the
word-matches are classified. The principal difference between translation
dictionaries and the model of double comparison is also shown. The
classification scheme of the pages is proposed. New concepts and keywords have
been introduced. The real prototype of the dictionary with a few key pages is
published. The broad debate about the possibility of this prototype to become a
version of Russian-Bulgarian comparative dictionary of a new generation is
available.

A Universal Part-of-Speech Tagset
To facilitate future research in unsupervised induction of syntactic
structure and to standardize best-practices, we propose a tagset that consists
of twelve universal part-of-speech categories. In addition to the tagset, we
develop a mapping from 25 different treebank tagsets to this universal set. As
a result, when combined with the original treebank data, this universal tagset
and mapping produce a dataset consisting of common parts-of-speech for 22
different languages. We highlight the use of this resource via two experiments,
including one that reports competitive accuracies for unsupervised grammar
induction without gold standard part-of-speech tags.

Seeking Meaning in a Space Made out of Strokes, Radicals, Characters and
  Compounds
Chinese characters can be compared to a molecular structure: a character is
analogous to a molecule, radicals are like atoms, calligraphic strokes
correspond to elementary particles, and when characters form compounds, they
are like molecular structures. In chemistry the conjunction of all of these
structural levels produces what we perceive as matter. In language, the
conjunction of strokes, radicals, characters, and compounds produces meaning.
But when does meaning arise? We all know that radicals are, in some sense, the
basic semantic components of Chinese script, but what about strokes?
Considering the fact that many characters are made by adding individual strokes
to (combinations of) radicals, we can legitimately ask the question whether
strokes carry meaning, or not. In this talk I will present my project of
extending traditional NLP techniques to radicals and strokes, aiming to obtain
a deeper understanding of the way ideographic languages model the world.

Performance Evaluation of Statistical Approaches for Text Independent
  Speaker Recognition Using Source Feature
This paper introduces the performance evaluation of statistical approaches
for TextIndependent speaker recognition system using source feature. Linear
prediction LP residual is used as a representation of excitation information in
speech. The speaker-specific information in the excitation of voiced speech is
captured using statistical approaches such as Gaussian Mixture Models GMMs and
Hidden Markov Models HMMs. The decrease in the error during training and
recognizing speakers during testing phase close to 100 percent accuracy
demonstrates that the excitation component of speech contains speaker-specific
information and is indeed being effectively captured by continuous Ergodic HMM
than GMM. The performance of the speaker recognition system is evaluated on GMM
and 2 state ergodic HMM with different mixture components and test speech
duration. We demonstrate the speaker recognition studies on TIMIT database for
both GMM and Ergodic HMM.

English-Lithuanian-English Machine Translation lexicon and engine:
  current state and future work
This article overviews the current state of the English-Lithuanian-English
machine translation system. The first part of the article describes the
problems that system poses today and what actions will be taken to solve them
in the future. The second part of the article tackles the main issue of the
translation process. Article briefly overviews the word sense disambiguation
for MT technique using Google.

Multilingual lexicon design tool and database management system for MT
The paper presents the design and development of English-Lithuanian-English
dictionarylexicon tool and lexicon database management system for MT. The
system is oriented to support two main requirements: to be open to the user and
to describe much more attributes of speech parts as a regular dictionary that
are required for the MT. Programming language Java and database management
system MySql is used to implement the designing tool and lexicon database
respectively. This solution allows easily deploying this system in the
Internet. The system is able to run on various OS such as: Windows, Linux, Mac
and other OS where Java Virtual Machine is supported. Since the modern lexicon
database managing system is used, it is not a problem accessing the same
database for several users.

A statistical learning algorithm for word segmentation
In natural speech, the speaker does not pause between words, yet a human
listener somehow perceives this continuous stream of phonemes as a series of
distinct words. The detection of boundaries between spoken words is an instance
of a general capability of the human neocortex to remember and to recognize
recurring sequences. This paper describes a computer algorithm that is designed
to solve the problem of locating word boundaries in blocks of English text from
which the spaces have been removed. This problem avoids the complexities of
speech processing but requires similar capabilities for detecting recurring
sequences. The algorithm relies entirely on statistical relationships between
letters in the input stream to infer the locations of word boundaries. A
Viterbi trellis is used to simultaneously evaluate a set of hypothetical
segmentations of a block of adjacent words. This technique improves accuracy
but incurs a small latency between the arrival of letters in the input stream
and the sending of words to the output stream. The source code for a C++
version of this algorithm is presented in an appendix.

Computational Approach to Anaphora Resolution in Spanish Dialogues
This paper presents an algorithm for identifying noun-phrase antecedents of
pronouns and adjectival anaphors in Spanish dialogues. We believe that anaphora
resolution requires numerous sources of information in order to find the
correct antecedent of the anaphor. These sources can be of different kinds,
e.g., linguistic information, discourse/dialogue structure information, or
topic information. For this reason, our algorithm uses various different kinds
of information (hybrid information). The algorithm is based on linguistic
constraints and preferences and uses an anaphoric accessibility space within
which the algorithm finds the noun phrase. We present some experiments related
to this algorithm and this space using a corpus of 204 dialogues. The algorithm
is implemented in Prolog. According to this study, 95.9% of antecedents were
located in the proposed space, a precision of 81.3% was obtained for pronominal
anaphora resolution, and 81.5% for adjectival anaphora.

Acquiring Correct Knowledge for Natural Language Generation
Natural language generation (NLG) systems are computer software systems that
produce texts in English and other human languages, often from non-linguistic
input data. NLG systems, like most AI systems, need substantial amounts of
knowledge. However, our experience in two NLG projects suggests that it is
difficult to acquire correct knowledge for NLG systems; indeed, every knowledge
acquisition (KA) technique we tried had significant problems. In general terms,
these problems were due to the complexity, novelty, and poorly understood
nature of the tasks our systems attempted, and were worsened by the fact that
people write so differently. This meant in particular that corpus-based KA
approaches suffered because it was impossible to assemble a sizable corpus of
high-quality consistent manually written texts in our domains; and structured
expert-oriented KA techniques suffered because experts disagreed and because we
could not get enough information about special and unusual cases to build
robust systems. We believe that such problems are likely to affect many other
NLG systems as well. In the long term, we hope that new KA techniques may
emerge to help NLG system builders. In the shorter term, we believe that
understanding how individual KA techniques can fail, and using a mixture of
different KA techniques with different strengths and weaknesses, can help
developers acquire NLG knowledge that is mostly correct.

Entropy of Telugu
This paper presents an investigation of the entropy of the Telugu script.
Since this script is syllabic, and not alphabetic, the computation of entropy
is somewhat complicated.

On the origin of ambiguity in efficient communication
This article studies the emergence of ambiguity in communication through the
concept of logical irreversibility and within the framework of Shannon's
information theory. This leads us to a precise and general expression of the
intuition behind Zipf's vocabulary balance in terms of a symmetry equation
between the complexities of the coding and the decoding processes that imposes
an unavoidable amount of logical uncertainty in natural communication.
Accordingly, the emergence of irreversible computations is required if the
complexities of the coding and the decoding processes are balanced in a
symmetric scenario, which means that the emergence of ambiguous codes is a
necessary condition for natural communication to succeed.

Notes on Electronic Lexicography
These notes are a continuation of topics covered by V. Selegej in his article
"Electronic Dictionaries and Computational lexicography". How can an electronic
dictionary have as its object the description of closely related languages?
Obviously, such a question allows multiple answers.

Fence - An Efficient Parser with Ambiguity Support for Model-Driven
  Language Specification
Model-based language specification has applications in the implementation of
language processors, the design of domain-specific languages, model-driven
software development, data integration, text mining, natural language
processing, and corpus-based induction of models. Model-based language
specification decouples language design from language processing and, unlike
traditional grammar-driven approaches, which constrain language designers to
specific kinds of grammars, it needs general parser generators able to deal
with ambiguities. In this paper, we propose Fence, an efficient bottom-up
parsing algorithm with lexical and syntactic ambiguity support that enables the
use of model-based language specification in practice.

A Semantic Relatedness Measure Based on Combined Encyclopedic,
  Ontological and Collocational Knowledge
We describe a new semantic relatedness measure combining the Wikipedia-based
Explicit Semantic Analysis measure, the WordNet path measure and the mixed
collocation index. Our measure achieves the currently highest results on the
WS-353 test: a Spearman rho coefficient of 0.79 (vs. 0.75 in (Gabrilovich and
Markovitch, 2007)) when applying the measure directly, and a value of 0.87 (vs.
0.78 in (Agirre et al., 2009)) when using the prediction of a polynomial SVM
classifier trained on our measure.
  In the appendix we discuss the adaptation of ESA to 2011 Wikipedia data, as
well as various unsuccessful attempts to enhance ESA by filtering at word,
sentence, and section level.

Design of Arabic Diacritical Marks
Diacritical marks play a crucial role in meeting the criteria of usability of
typographic text, such as: homogeneity, clarity and legibility. To change the
diacritic of a letter in a word could completely change its semantic. The
situation is very complicated with multilingual text. Indeed, the problem of
design becomes more difficult by the presence of diacritics that come from
various scripts; they are used for different purposes, and are controlled by
various typographic rules. It is quite challenging to adapt rules from one
script to another. This paper aims to study the placement and sizing of
diacritical marks in Arabic script, with a comparison with the Latin's case.
The Arabic script is cursive and runs from right-to-left; its criteria and
rules are quite distinct from those of the Latin script. In the beginning, we
compare the difficulty of processing diacritics in both scripts. After, we will
study the limits of Latin resolution strategies when applied to Arabic. At the
end, we propose an approach to resolve the problem for positioning and resizing
diacritics. This strategy includes creating an Arabic font, designed in
OpenType format, along with suitable justification in TEX.

Use Pronunciation by Analogy for text to speech system in Persian
  language
The interest in text to speech synthesis increased in the world .text to
speech have been developed formany popular languages such as English, Spanish
and French and many researches and developmentshave been applied to those
languages. Persian on the other hand, has been given little attentioncompared
to other languages of similar importance and the research in Persian is still
in its infancy.Persian language possess many difficulty and exceptions that
increase complexity of text to speechsystems. For example: short vowels is
absent in written text or existence of homograph words. in thispaper we propose
a new method for persian text to phonetic that base on pronunciations by
analogy inwords, semantic relations and grammatical rules for finding proper
phonetic. Keywords:PbA, text to speech, Persian language, FPbA

NEMO: Extraction and normalization of organization names from PubMed
  affiliation strings
We propose NEMO, a system for extracting organization names in the
affiliation and normalizing them to a canonical organization name. Our parsing
process involves multi-layered rule matching with multiple dictionaries. The
system achieves more than 98% f-score in extracting organization names. Our
process of normalization that involves clustering based on local sequence
alignment metrics and local learning based on finding connected components. A
high precision was also observed in normalization. NEMO is the missing link in
associating each biomedical paper and its authors to an organization name in
its canonical form and the Geopolitical location of the organization. This
research could potentially help in analyzing large social networks of
organizations for landscaping a particular topic, improving performance of
author disambiguation, adding weak links in the co-author network of authors,
augmenting NLM's MARS system for correcting errors in OCR output of affiliation
field, and automatically indexing the PubMed citations with the normalized
organization name and country. Our system is available as a graphical user
interface available for download along with this paper.

BioSimplify: an open source sentence simplification engine to improve
  recall in automatic biomedical information extraction
BioSimplify is an open source tool written in Java that introduces and
facilitates the use of a novel model for sentence simplification tuned for
automatic discourse analysis and information extraction (as opposed to sentence
simplification for improving human readability). The model is based on a
"shot-gun" approach that produces many different (simpler) versions of the
original sentence by combining variants of its constituent elements. This tool
is optimized for processing biomedical scientific literature such as the
abstracts indexed in PubMed. We tested our tool on its impact to the task of
PPI extraction and it improved the f-score of the PPI tool by around 7%, with
an improvement in recall of around 20%. The BioSimplify tool and test corpus
can be downloaded from https://biosimplify.sourceforge.net.

An Effective Approach to Biomedical Information Extraction with Limited
  Training Data
Overall, the two main contributions of this work include the application of
sentence simplification to association extraction as described above, and the
use of distributional semantics for concept extraction. The proposed work on
concept extraction amalgamates for the first time two diverse research areas
-distributional semantics and information extraction. This approach renders all
the advantages offered in other semi-supervised machine learning systems, and,
unlike other proposed semi-supervised approaches, it can be used on top of
different basic frameworks and algorithms.
http://gradworks.umi.com/34/49/3449837.html

Cross-moments computation for stochastic context-free grammars
In this paper we consider the problem of efficient computation of
cross-moments of a vector random variable represented by a stochastic
context-free grammar. Two types of cross-moments are discussed. The sample
space for the first one is the set of all derivations of the context-free
grammar, and the sample space for the second one is the set of all derivations
which generate a string belonging to the language of the grammar. In the past,
this problem was widely studied, but mainly for the cross-moments of scalar
variables and up to the second order. This paper presents new algorithms for
computing the cross-moments of an arbitrary order, and the previously developed
ones are derived as special cases.

Serialising the ISO SynAF Syntactic Object Model
This paper introduces, an XML format developed to serialise the object model
defined by the ISO Syntactic Annotation Framework SynAF. Based on widespread
best practices we adapt a popular XML format for syntactic annotation,
TigerXML, with additional features to support a variety of syntactic phenomena
including constituent and dependency structures, binding, and different node
types such as compounds or empty elements. We also define interfaces to other
formats and standards including the Morpho-syntactic Annotation Framework MAF
and the ISOCat Data Category Registry. Finally a case study of the German
Treebank TueBa-D/Z is presented, showcasing the handling of constituent
structures, topological fields and coreference annotation in tandem.

A Concise Query Language with Search and Transform Operations for
  Corpora with Multiple Levels of Annotation
The usefulness of annotated corpora is greatly increased if there is an
associated tool that can allow various kinds of operations to be performed in a
simple way. Different kinds of annotation frameworks and many query languages
for them have been proposed, including some to deal with multiple layers of
annotation. We present here an easy to learn query language for a particular
kind of annotation framework based on 'threaded trees', which are somewhere
between the complete order of a tree and the anarchy of a graph. Through
'typed' threads, they can allow multiple levels of annotation in the same
document. Our language has a simple, intuitive and concise syntax and high
expressive power. It allows not only to search for complicated patterns with
short queries but also allows data manipulation and specification of arbitrary
return values. Many of the commonly used tasks that otherwise require writing
programs, can be performed with one or more queries. We compare the language
with some others and try to evaluate it.

Using Inverse lambda and Generalization to Translate English to Formal
  Languages
We present a system to translate natural language sentences to formulas in a
formal or a knowledge representation language. Our system uses two inverse
lambda-calculus operators and using them can take as input the semantic
representation of some words, phrases and sentences and from that derive the
semantic representation of other words and phrases. Our inverse lambda operator
works on many formal languages including first order logic, database query
languages and answer set programming. Our system uses a syntactic combinatorial
categorial parser to parse natural language sentences and also to construct the
semantic meaning of the sentences as directed by their parsing. The same parser
is used for both. In addition to the inverse lambda-calculus operators, our
system uses a notion of generalization to learn semantic representation of
words from the semantic representation of other words that are of the same
category. Together with this, we use an existing statistical learning approach
to assign weights to deal with multiple meanings of words. Our system produces
improved results on standard corpora on natural language interfaces for robot
command and control and database queries.

Language understanding as a step towards human level intelligence -
  automatizing the construction of the initial dictionary from example
  sentences
For a system to understand natural language, it needs to be able to take
natural language text and answer questions given in natural language with
respect to that text; it also needs to be able to follow instructions given in
natural language. To achieve this, a system must be able to process natural
language and be able to capture the knowledge within that text. Thus it needs
to be able to translate natural language text into a formal language. We
discuss our approach to do this, where the translation is achieved by composing
the meaning of words in a sentence. Our initial approach uses an inverse lambda
method that we developed (and other methods) to learn meaning of words from
meaning of sentences and an initial lexicon. We then present an improved method
where the initial lexicon is also learned by analyzing the training sentence
and meaning pairs. We evaluate our methods and compare them with other existing
methods on a corpora of database querying and robot command and control.

Query Expansion: Term Selection using the EWC Semantic Relatedness
  Measure
This paper investigates the efficiency of the EWC semantic relatedness
measure in an ad-hoc retrieval task. This measure combines the Wikipedia-based
Explicit Semantic Analysis measure, the WordNet path measure and the mixed
collocation index. In the experiments, the open source search engine Terrier
was utilised as a tool to index and retrieve data. The proposed technique was
tested on the NTCIR data collection. The experiments demonstrated promising
results.

Minimalist Grammars and Minimalist Categorial Grammars, definitions
  toward inclusion of generated languages
Stabler proposes an implementation of the Chomskyan Minimalist Program,
Chomsky 95 with Minimalist Grammars - MG, Stabler 97. This framework inherits a
long linguistic tradition. But the semantic calculus is more easily added if
one uses the Curry-Howard isomorphism. Minimalist Categorial Grammars - MCG,
based on an extension of the Lambek calculus, the mixed logic, were introduced
to provide a theoretically-motivated syntax-semantics interface, Amblard 07. In
this article, we give full definitions of MG with algebraic tree descriptions
and of MCG, and take the first steps towards giving a proof of inclusion of
their generated languages.

Inter-rater Agreement on Sentence Formality
Formality is one of the most important dimensions of writing style variation.
In this study we conducted an inter-rater reliability experiment for assessing
sentence formality on a five-point Likert scale, and obtained good agreement
results as well as different rating distributions for different sentence
categories. We also performed a difficulty analysis to identify the bottlenecks
of our rating procedure. Our main objective is to design an automatic scoring
mechanism for sentence-level formality, and this study is important for that
purpose.

Building Ontologies to Understand Spoken Tunisian Dialect
This paper presents a method to understand spoken Tunisian dialect based on
lexical semantic. This method takes into account the specificity of the
Tunisian dialect which has no linguistic processing tools. This method is
ontology-based which allows exploiting the ontological concepts for semantic
annotation and ontological relations for speech interpretation. This
combination increases the rate of comprehension and limits the dependence on
linguistic resources. This paper also details the process of building the
ontology used for annotation and interpretation of Tunisian dialect in the
context of speech understanding in dialogue systems for restricted domain.

LexRank: Graph-based Lexical Centrality as Salience in Text
  Summarization
We introduce a stochastic graph-based method for computing relative
importance of textual units for Natural Language Processing. We test the
technique on the problem of Text Summarization (TS). Extractive TS relies on
the concept of sentence salience to identify the most important sentences in a
document or set of documents. Salience is typically defined in terms of the
presence of particular important words or in terms of similarity to a centroid
pseudo-sentence. We consider a new approach, LexRank, for computing sentence
importance based on the concept of eigenvector centrality in a graph
representation of sentences. In this model, a connectivity matrix based on
intra-sentence cosine similarity is used as the adjacency matrix of the graph
representation of sentences. Our system, based on LexRank ranked in first place
in more than one task in the recent DUC 2004 evaluation. In this paper we
present a detailed analysis of our approach and apply it to a larger data set
including data from earlier DUC evaluations. We discuss several methods to
compute centrality using the similarity graph. The results show that
degree-based methods (including LexRank) outperform both centroid-based methods
and other systems participating in DUC in most of the cases. Furthermore, the
LexRank with threshold method outperforms the other degree-based techniques
including continuous LexRank. We also show that our approach is quite
insensitive to the noise in the data that may result from an imperfect topical
clustering of documents.

Combining Knowledge- and Corpus-based Word-Sense-Disambiguation Methods
In this paper we concentrate on the resolution of the lexical ambiguity that
arises when a given word has several different meanings. This specific task is
commonly referred to as word sense disambiguation (WSD). The task of WSD
consists of assigning the correct sense to words using an electronic dictionary
as the source of word definitions. We present two WSD methods based on two main
methodological approaches in this research area: a knowledge-based method and a
corpus-based method. Our hypothesis is that word-sense disambiguation requires
several knowledge sources in order to solve the semantic ambiguity of the
words. These sources can be of different kinds--- for example, syntagmatic,
paradigmatic or statistical information. Our approach combines various sources
of knowledge, through combinations of the two WSD methods mentioned above.
Mainly, the paper concentrates on how to combine these methods and sources of
information in order to achieve good results in the disambiguation. Finally,
this paper presents a comprehensive study and experimental work on evaluation
of the methods and their combinations.

Learning Content Selection Rules for Generating Object Descriptions in
  Dialogue
A fundamental requirement of any task-oriented dialogue system is the ability
to generate object descriptions that refer to objects in the task domain. The
subproblem of content selection for object descriptions in task-oriented
dialogue has been the focus of much previous work and a large number of models
have been proposed. In this paper, we use the annotated COCONUT corpus of
task-oriented design dialogues to develop feature sets based on Dale and
Reiters (1995) incremental model, Brennan and Clarks (1996) conceptual pact
model, and Jordans (2000b) intentional influences model, and use these feature
sets in a machine learning experiment to automatically learn a model of content
selection for object descriptions. Since Dale and Reiters model requires a
representation of discourse structure, the corpus annotations are used to
derive a representation based on Grosz and Sidners (1986) theory of the
intentional structure of discourse, as well as two very simple representations
of discourse structure based purely on recency. We then apply the
rule-induction program RIPPER to train and test the content selection component
of an object description generator on a set of 393 object descriptions from the
corpus. To our knowledge, this is the first reported experiment of a trainable
content selection component for object description generation in dialogue.
Three separate content selection models that are based on the three theoretical
models, all independently achieve accuracies significantly above the majority
class baseline (17%) on unseen test data, with the intentional influences model
(42.4%) performing significantly better than either the incremental model
(30.4%) or the conceptual pact model (28.9%). But the best performing models
combine all the feature sets, achieving accuracies near 60%. Surprisingly, a
simple recency-based representation of discourse structure does as well as one
based on intentional structure. To our knowledge, this is also the first
empirical comparison of a representation of Grosz and Sidners model of
discourse structure with a simpler model for any generation task.

A Probabilistic Approach to Pronunciation by Analogy
The relationship between written and spoken words is convoluted in languages
with a deep orthography such as English and therefore it is difficult to devise
explicit rules for generating the pronunciations for unseen words.
Pronunciation by analogy (PbA) is a data-driven method of constructing
pronunciations for novel words from concatenated segments of known words and
their pronunciations. PbA performs relatively well with English and outperforms
several other proposed methods. However, the best published word accuracy of
65.5% (for the 20,000 word NETtalk corpus) suggests there is much room for
improvement in it.
  Previous PbA algorithms have used several different scoring strategies such
as the product of the frequencies of the component pronunciations of the
segments, or the number of different segmentations that yield the same
pronunciation, and different combinations of these methods, to evaluate the
candidate pronunciations. In this article, we instead propose to use a
probabilistically justified scoring rule. We show that this principled approach
alone yields better accuracy (66.21% for the NETtalk corpus) than any
previously published PbA algorithm. Furthermore, combined with certain ad hoc
modifications motivated by earlier algorithms, the performance climbs up to
66.6%, and further improvements are possible by combining this method with
other methods.

Automatic transcription of 17th century English text in Contemporary
  English with NooJ: Method and Evaluation
Since 2006 we have undertaken to describe the differences between 17th
century English and contemporary English thanks to NLP software. Studying a
corpus spanning the whole century (tales of English travellers in the Ottoman
Empire in the 17th century, Mary Astell's essay A Serious Proposal to the
Ladies and other literary texts) has enabled us to highlight various lexical,
morphological or grammatical singularities. Thanks to the NooJ linguistic
platform, we created dictionaries indexing the lexical variants and their
transcription in CE. The latter is often the result of the validation of forms
recognized dynamically by morphological graphs. We also built syntactical
graphs aimed at transcribing certain archaic forms in contemporary English. Our
previous research implied a succession of elementary steps alternating textual
analysis and result validation. We managed to provide examples of
transcriptions, but we have not created a global tool for automatic
transcription. Therefore we need to focus on the results we have obtained so
far, study the conditions for creating such a tool, and analyze possible
difficulties. In this paper, we will be discussing the technical and linguistic
aspects we have not yet covered in our previous work. We are using the results
of previous research and proposing a transcription method for words or
sequences identified as archaic.

Object-oriented semantics of English in natural language understanding
  system
A new approach to the problem of natural language understanding is proposed.
The knowledge domain under consideration is the social behavior of people.
English sentences are translated into set of predicates of a semantic database,
which describe persons, occupations, organizations, projects, actions, events,
messages, machines, things, animals, location and time of actions, relations
between objects, thoughts, cause-and-effect relations, abstract objects. There
is a knowledge base containing the description of semantics of objects
(functions and structure), actions (motives and causes), and operations.

A Constraint-Satisfaction Parser for Context-Free Grammars
Traditional language processing tools constrain language designers to
specific kinds of grammars. In contrast, model-based language specification
decouples language design from language processing. As a consequence,
model-based language specification tools need general parsers able to parse
unrestricted context-free grammars. As languages specified following this
approach may be ambiguous, parsers must deal with ambiguities. Model-based
language specification also allows the definition of associativity, precedence,
and custom constraints. Therefore parsers generated by model-driven language
specification tools need to enforce constraints. In this paper, we propose
Fence, an efficient bottom-up chart parser with lexical and syntactic ambiguity
support that allows the specification of constraints and, therefore, enables
the use of model-based language specification in practice.

Data formats for phonological corpora
The goal of the present chapter is to explore the possibility of providing
the research (but also the industrial) community that commonly uses spoken
corpora with a stable portfolio of well-documented standardised formats that
allow a high re-use rate of annotated spoken resources and, as a consequence,
better interoperability across tools used to produce or exploit such resources.

NP Animacy Identification for Anaphora Resolution
In anaphora resolution for English, animacy identification can play an
integral role in the application of agreement restrictions between pronouns and
candidates, and as a result, can improve the accuracy of anaphora resolution
systems. In this paper, two methods for animacy identification are proposed and
evaluated using intrinsic and extrinsic measures. The first method is a
rule-based one which uses information about the unique beginners in WordNet to
classify NPs on the basis of their animacy. The second method relies on a
machine learning algorithm which exploits a WordNet enriched with animacy
information for each sense. The effect of word sense disambiguation on the two
methods is also assessed. The intrinsic evaluation reveals that the machine
learning method reaches human levels of performance. The extrinsic evaluation
demonstrates that animacy identification can be beneficial in anaphora
resolution, especially in the cases where animate entities are identified with
high precision.

Ideogram Based Chinese Sentiment Word Orientation Computation
This paper presents a novel algorithm to compute sentiment orientation of
Chinese sentiment word. The algorithm uses ideograms which are a distinguishing
feature of Chinese language. The proposed algorithm can be applied to any
sentiment classification scheme. To compute a word's sentiment orientation
using the proposed algorithm, only the word itself and a precomputed character
ontology is required, rather than a corpus. The influence of three parameters
over the algorithm performance is analyzed and verified by experiment.
Experiment also shows that proposed algorithm achieves an F Measure of 85.02%
outperforming existing ideogram based algorithm.

Individual and Domain Adaptation in Sentence Planning for Dialogue
One of the biggest challenges in the development and deployment of spoken
dialogue systems is the design of the spoken language generation module. This
challenge arises from the need for the generator to adapt to many features of
the dialogue domain, user population, and dialogue context. A promising
approach is trainable generation, which uses general-purpose linguistic
knowledge that is automatically adapted to the features of interest, such as
the application domain, individual user, or user group. In this paper we
present and evaluate a trainable sentence planner for providing restaurant
information in the MATCH dialogue system. We show that trainable sentence
planning can produce complex information presentations whose quality is
comparable to the output of a template-based generator tuned to this domain. We
also show that our method easily supports adapting the sentence planner to
individuals, and that the individualized sentence planners generally perform
better than models trained and tested on a population of individuals. Previous
work has documented and utilized individual preferences for content selection,
but to our knowledge, these results provide the first demonstration of
individual preferences for sentence planning operations, affecting the content
order, discourse structure and sentence structure of system responses. Finally,
we evaluate the contribution of different feature sets, and show that, in our
application, n-gram features often do as well as features based on higher-level
linguistic representations.

ESLO: from transcription to speakers' personal information annotation
This paper presents the preliminary works to put online a French oral corpus
and its transcription. This corpus is the Socio-Linguistic Survey in Orleans,
realized in 1968. First, we numerized the corpus, then we handwritten
transcribed it with the Transcriber software adding different tags about
speakers, time, noise, etc. Each document (audio file and XML file of the
transcription) was described by a set of metadata stored in an XML format to
allow an easy consultation. Second, we added different levels of annotations,
recognition of named entities and annotation of personal information about
speakers. This two annotation tasks used the CasSys system of transducer
cascades. We used and modified a first cascade to recognize named entities.
Then we built a second cascade to annote the designating entities, i.e.
information about the speaker. These second cascade parsed the named entity
annotated corpus. The objective is to locate information about the speaker and,
also, what kind of information can designate him/her. These two cascades was
evaluated with precision and recall measures.

valuation de lexiques syntaxiques par leur intgartion dans
  l'analyseur syntaxiques FRMG
In this paper, we evaluate various French lexica with the parser FRMG: the
Lefff, LGLex, the lexicon built from the tables of the French Lexicon-Grammar,
the lexicon DICOVALENCE and a new version of the verbal entries of the Lefff,
obtained by merging with DICOVALENCE and partial manual validation. For this,
all these lexica have been converted to the format of the Lefff, Alexina
format. The evaluation was made on the part of the EASy corpus used in the
first evaluation campaign Passage.

Construction du lexique LGLex  partir des tables du Lexique-Grammaire
  des verbes du grec moderne
In this paper, we summerize the work done on the resources of Modern Greek on
the Lexicon-Grammar of verbs. We detail the definitional features of each
table, and all changes made to the names of features to make them consistent.
Through the development of the table of classes, including all the features, we
have considered the conversion of tables in a syntactic lexicon: LGLex. The
lexicon, in plain text format or XML, is generated by the LGExtract tool
(Constant & Tolone, 2010). This format is directly usable in applications of
Natural Language Processing (NLP).

Extending the adverbial coverage of a NLP oriented resource for French
This paper presents a work on extending the adverbial entries of LGLex: a NLP
oriented syntactic resource for French. Adverbs were extracted from the
Lexicon-Grammar tables of both simple adverbs ending in -ment '-ly' (Molinier
and Levrier, 2000) and compound adverbs (Gross, 1986; 1990). This work relies
on the exploitation of fine-grained linguistic information provided in existing
resources. Various features are encoded in both LG tables and they haven't been
exploited yet. They describe the relations of deleting, permuting, intensifying
and paraphrasing that associate, on the one hand, the simple and compound
adverbs and, on the other hand, different types of compound adverbs. The
resulting syntactic resource is manually evaluated and freely available under
the LGPL-LR license.

Question Answering in a Natural Language Understanding System Based on
  Object-Oriented Semantics
Algorithms of question answering in a computer system oriented on input and
logical processing of text information are presented. A knowledge domain under
consideration is social behavior of a person. A database of the system includes
an internal representation of natural language sentences and supplemental
information. The answer {\it Yes} or {\it No} is formed for a general question.
A special question containing an interrogative word or group of interrogative
words permits to find a subject, object, place, time, cause, purpose and way of
action or event. Answer generation is based on identification algorithms of
persons, organizations, machines, things, places, and times. Proposed
algorithms of question answering can be realized in information systems closely
connected with text processing (criminology, operation of business, medicine,
document systems).

Rule based Part of speech Tagger for Homoeopathy Clinical realm
A tagger is a mandatory segment of most text scrutiny systems, as it
consigned a s yntax class (e.g., noun, verb, adjective, and adverb) to every
word in a sentence. In this paper, we present a simple part of speech tagger
for homoeopathy clinical language. This paper reports about the anticipated
part of speech tagger for homoeopathy clinical language. It exploit standard
pattern for evaluating sentences, untagged clinical corpus of 20085 words is
used, from which we had selected 125 sentences (2322 tokens). The problem of
tagging in natural language processing is to find a way to tag every word in a
text as a meticulous part of speech. The basic idea is to apply a set of rules
on clinical sentences and on each word, Accuracy is the leading factor in
evaluating any POS tagger so the accuracy of proposed tagger is also conversed.

Exploring Twitter Hashtags
Twitter messages often contain so-called hashtags to denote keywords related
to them. Using a dataset of 29 million messages, I explore relations among
these hashtags with respect to co-occurrences. Furthermore, I present an
attempt to classify hashtags into five intuitive classes, using a
machine-learning approach. The overall outcome is an interactive Web
application to explore Twitter hashtags.

Statistical Sign Language Machine Translation: from English written text
  to American Sign Language Gloss
This works aims to design a statistical machine translation from English text
to American Sign Language (ASL). The system is based on Moses tool with some
modifications and the results are synthesized through a 3D avatar for
interpretation. First, we translate the input text to gloss, a written form of
ASL. Second, we pass the output to the WebSign Plug-in to play the sign.
Contributions of this work are the use of a new couple of language English/ASL
and an improvement of statistical machine translation based on string matching
thanks to Jaro-distance.

Grammatical Relations of Myanmar Sentences Augmented by
  Transformation-Based Learning of Function Tagging
In this paper we describe function tagging using Transformation Based
Learning (TBL) for Myanmar that is a method of extensions to the previous
statistics-based function tagger. Contextual and lexical rules (developed using
TBL) were critical in achieving good results. First, we describe a method for
expressing lexical relations in function tagging that statistical function
tagging are currently unable to express. Function tagging is the preprocessing
step to show grammatical relations of the sentences. Then we use the context
free grammar technique to clarify the grammatical relations in Myanmar
sentences or to output the parse trees. The grammatical relations are the
functional structure of a language. They rely very much on the function tag of
the tokens. We augment the grammatical relations of Myanmar sentences with
transformation-based learning of function tagging.

Creating a Live, Public Short Message Service Corpus: The NUS SMS Corpus
Short Message Service (SMS) messages are largely sent directly from one
person to another from their mobile phones. They represent a means of personal
communication that is an important communicative artifact in our current
digital era. As most existing studies have used private access to SMS corpora,
comparative studies using the same raw SMS data has not been possible up to
now. We describe our efforts to collect a public SMS corpus to address this
problem. We use a battery of methodologies to collect the corpus, paying
particular attention to privacy issues to address contributors' concerns. Our
live project collects new SMS message submissions, checks their quality and
adds the valid messages, releasing the resultant corpus as XML and as SQL
dumps, along with corpus statistics, every month. We opportunistically collect
as much metadata about the messages and their sender as possible, so as to
enable different types of analyses. To date, we have collected about 60,000
messages, focusing on English and Mandarin Chinese.

Visualization and Analysis of Frames in Collections of Messages: Content
  Analysis and the Measurement of Meaning
A step-to-step introduction is provided on how to generate a semantic map
from a collection of messages (full texts, paragraphs or statements) using
freely available software and/or SPSS for the relevant statistics and the
visualization. The techniques are discussed in the various theoretical contexts
of (i) linguistics (e.g., Latent Semantic Analysis), (ii) sociocybernetics and
social systems theory (e.g., the communication of meaning), and (iii)
communication studies (e.g., framing and agenda-setting). We distinguish
between the communication of information in the network space (social network
analysis) and the communication of meaning in the vector space. The vector
space can be considered a generated as an architecture by the network of
relations in the network space; words are then not only related, but also
positioned. These positions are expected rather than observed and therefore one
can communicate meaning. Knowledge can be generated when these meanings can
recursively be communicated and therefore also further codified.

