Hamas returns four more bodies of hostages, Israeli military says
Israel warns it will restrict aid convoys into Gaza because of delays returning the remaining bodies.

Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace
Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it.

Government under pressure to release collapsed China spy case evidence
Both the Tories and Liberal Democrats are calling on the government to publish evidence it submitted in the now-collapsed case.

AI couldn't picture a woman like me - until now
Paralympic swimmer Jess Smith, says representation means being seen as part of the AI world that's being built. 

Pictured: Winning entries for Wildlife Photographer of the Year 2025
Photographer Wim van den Heever got the winning shot beside an abandoned diamond mining settlement. 

D’Angelo, R&B Grammy-award winning singer, dies aged 51
D'Angelo, who died after a cancer diagnosis, leaves behind a "legacy of extraordinarily moving music", his family says.

'It gave me my voice back': How group singing is helping new mums with postnatal depression
New research suggests singing can be clinically effective at treating the symptoms and cost effective for the NHS.

I felt trapped, says victim of train sexual offence as reports rise
A BBC investigation finds reports of sexual offences on trains rise by more than a third.

Red Tractor ad banned for misleading environmental claims
The Advertising Standards Authority upheld a complaint by environment charity River Action.

Migrants will need A-level standard English to work in UK
The tougher rules will come in force in January as part of wider plans to cut immigration.

US strikes another vessel off Venezuela coast, killing six
President Trump said the vessel belonged to "narcoterrorists" and that it was "trafficking narcotics." US officials have not provided evidence to this claim. 

My friend Bipin threw back Hamas grenade - and saved my life
Bipin Joshi tried to save fellow Nepalese students before being taken hostage, his mourning friend tells the BBC.

Recognising Palestinian state helped get ceasefire, PM says
The PM says the Gaza deal belongs to Trump - but insists the UK played a key role behind the scenes.

24 hours with Trump on diplomatic tornado through Middle East
The US president's single-day tour was a victory lap rather than an exercise in setting out detail, writes the BBC's Tom Bateman.

'It's not over,' says son of hostage whose body remains in Gaza
Rotem Cooper, whose father Amiram's body has not been returned, calls on mediators to put pressure on Hamas to release the remaining bodies.

